Brighter light has more of an effect ( such as the sun , at 3000 to 10,000 lux ) , though lower intensities ( e.g. , 100 - 550 lux ) can produce changes .	dy
Artificial light sources can be used to supplement daylight , to help reset a person 's internal clock to the correct new time zone when traveling .	dy
Melatonin is secreted by the pineal gland at night ; secretion is suppressed by light exposure , and as such , the hormone can be thought of as a " darkness signal . "	ep
The homeostatic and circadian processes need to realign , and while the aforementioned ways of beating jet lag can fast track the process , it still takes time .	dy
But the mind can only be known by you , the person whose mind it is . "	dy
I agree with Ani Kunga to some extent--only so much can be known about the mind from external observation .	dy
But this does n't mean that there is n't merit to such studies , nor that nothing of use can be learned in that way .	ep
" If there 's something you can do , why are you unhappy ?	dy
If there 's nothing you can do , why are you unhappy ? "	dy
All the methods built off the idea that you are in control : anger is an emotion , and you can change your emotions .	dy
If I stay still long enough , if I 've achieved a relatively constant level of happiness and satisfaction , I forget that I can and should continue to seek out new ideas and approaches , and incorporate beneficial ones into my life .	dy
It seems justified : Students can receive credit for participating in other extracurricular , faculty-supervised activities , such as the orchestra , the choir , and the repertory dance theatre , so why not varsity athletics ?	dy
The reason time commitment is highlighted is because , according to the authors of the article , the faculty " must consider what it can do to mitigate possible academic pressures on these students . "	dy
If they ca n't manage to balance their athletics and their coursework , then perhaps they should reconsider participating in a varsity sport in the first place .	dy
Personally , I like the fact that even though I dedicate huge chunks of time to my sport ( more time than I dedicate to any single course , at least while in - season ) , I can still keep up with my classmates who are taking comparable course loads , minus the sport .	dy
Students who can balance their work and their sport will continue to do so .	dy
Carolyn 's statement assumes that a student can learn more important things from academics than from participation on a sports team .	dy
Why , out in New Mexico , where you can still buy unincorporated land with no water or roads , you 'd pay at least $1,000 for a house-sized plot of dust .	dy
So how can you buy an actual home for $100 ?	dy
Detroit is a ghost town , and it 's inhabited by ghosts : the only people left here are those who ca n't or wo n't leave .	dy
Long story short : Yes , you can buy a house in Detroit for $100 .	dy
I 've lived in the metro area my whole life , and there are areas ( I ca n't call them neighborhoods ) down there where I do n't feel safe in daytime , much less at night .	dy
that mitigates some of the fears that you had while driving through the city -- where to buy groceries , a place where you can feel safe on your own front porch , the freedom to sleep soundly without worrying about your copper wiring .	dy
If you 've got some fancy new technology at Boeing that can do more for people 's health and happiness ( and for less cost ) than a victory garden can do , please let me know .	dy
If you 've got some fancy new technology at Boeing that can do more for people 's health and happiness ( and for less cost ) than a victory garden can do , please let me know .	dy
I think it might be more of a " holy crap , I ca n't believe she just topped all the other stupid shit she 's said , and I got to bear witness to it ! " laughter .	dy
Anyone who stubbornly knows so little about science can not possibly be expected to develop the analytical skills necessary to interpret Con Law .	ep
As a defender , you can say , " well , she believes church and state are indivisible , so do I. " But you ca n't say she knows the constitution when she clearly does not .	dy
As a defender , you can say , " well , she believes church and state are indivisible , so do I. " But you ca n't say she knows the constitution when she clearly does not .	dy
As a defender , you can say , " well , she believes church and state are indivisible , so do I. " But you ca n't say she knows the constitution when she clearly does not .	dy
As a defender , you can say , " well , she believes church and state are indivisible , so do I. " But you ca n't say she knows the constitution when she clearly does not .	dy
Posted by : MrBrink at October 19 , 2010 5:53 PM I have to agree with Pea and Nicole ... you can clearly hear a man 's voice say " Oh my god " after O ' Donnell says that and his tone is " I ca n't believe she said something so incredibly stupid " .	dy
Posted by : MrBrink at October 19 , 2010 5:53 PM I have to agree with Pea and Nicole ... you can clearly hear a man 's voice say " Oh my god " after O ' Donnell says that and his tone is " I ca n't believe she said something so incredibly stupid " .	dy
I had a TPer over at HuffPo tell me I did n't know what I was talking about vis-à-vis the need for Constitutional interpretation and Constitutional Law ( he believed that any and all Constitutional questions must and can only be resolved by Amendment , not by judicial review ) , before proudly proclaiming that he had never gone to law school and " despise [ d ] the legal profession .	dy
While it can be personally satisfying to present all your little ducks in a row , they will never stop erroneously knocking the damn ducks out of line .	ep
Being a perpetual campaigner can only get you so far , and if they do n't intend to win after getting the nomination , then that con game is limited .	dy
To tell the truth , I ca n't tell you her actual " endgame , " per se , but if I had a guess it would be an extended stint on a cable news channel .	dy
However , I ca n't be too conclusive ...	dy
Here 's what you do : gather all the O ' Donnell appearances that you can from online sources .	dy
Since they really have no one to answer to , they can go on television and say anything , get away with it , and do it again in yet another televised venue .	dy
" Today ’ s system balances competition with public safety to ensure that consumers can enjoy alcohol without suffering the negative effects of an unregulated marketplace "	dy
Is there really any competition when the state-based regulatory system the wholesalers love so much require that producers of alcohol use a wholesaler to bring their goods to market , meaning that without use of a wholesaler a producer can not enter a state 's market ?	de
" It is the intent of this language to make clear the congressional support for the holding in Granholm-prohibiting state laws that allow an in-state winery to do something a similarly situated out-of-state winery can not do .	de
" State laws that raise concerns can and should be addressed in the state legislature . "	dy
In most cases where state laws allow shipping you can get a bottle of wine shipped from the winery of your choice .	dy
