Alternatively , a person could wear very dark glasses , as light avoidance could help minimize the problems of light exposure at the wrong time of day or night .	ep
Alternatively , a person could wear very dark glasses , as light avoidance could help minimize the problems of light exposure at the wrong time of day or night .	ep
When we talked about the giving , and how one should try to give what one could to other sentient beings ( in the form of material items , kind words , protection , and so on ) , Khenpo Kalsang shared a story of the Buddha , and how the Buddha had given his flesh so that a family of hungry tigers could eat .	dy
When we talked about the giving , and how one should try to give what one could to other sentient beings ( in the form of material items , kind words , protection , and so on ) , Khenpo Kalsang shared a story of the Buddha , and how the Buddha had given his flesh so that a family of hungry tigers could eat .	dy
After all , I could get half a unit a semester for up to four semesters -- a typical class is worth one unit , and a typical physical education course of any level is worth half a unit , with a maximum of two physical education units counting toward graduation requirements .	dy
While athletes will continue to be held to the College ’s rigorous academic standards , the athletics credit could discourage a varsity athlete from unnecessarily taking on five academic credits while in their athletic season .	ep
Students who are n't varsity athletes could add an easy P.E. course instead .	dy
We could take that oil - stained soil and those rusted factories , and create something new and beautiful .	dy
You think I 'm kidding , but I could n't be more serious -- that Honda is a visceral reminder for people of how the American consumer has left Detroit in the dust .	dy
A $1,000 house , which could be fixed up into maybe a $ 30 - 40,000 house comes with a tax bill of $ 4 - 6 K per year !	dy
I mean , it could be some of her supporters infiltrated , but I truly believe there would 've been lots of catcalling , etc. if that were the case .	ep
Think of who endorsed her , and how O ' Donnell could teach her a thing or two about ... moderate ad-libbing.	dy
The recently launched www.hr5034.org website is the creation of the National Beer Wholesalers Association and and appears to be the repository all the misrepresentation , ignorance and misleading ideas supporters of H.R. 5034 could possibly muster .	dy
