You may be familiar with the concept : Jet lag .	ep
For example , the circadian system may signal a person to be alert when it 's not actually morning , or may be reduced during daytime hours , causing daytime sleepiness because the homeostatic sleep drive is no longer cancelled out .	ep
For example , the circadian system may signal a person to be alert when it 's not actually morning , or may be reduced during daytime hours , causing daytime sleepiness because the homeostatic sleep drive is no longer cancelled out .	ep
The problem with this is that your sleep-wake schedule wo n't match up with that of the people around you , and if you need to be awake for breakfast at 7 am or for a meeting in the afternoon , your sleep schedule may interfere .	ep
Granted , caffeine subjects also took longer to fall asleep later and awoke more frequently , but that may be a risk you have to take .	ep
You believe the other medicine may have just as much value , but in other situations , not this one .	ep
As Ani Kunga explained , " Prayers , wishes , hopes , aspirations--someone , many people , may share those with you .	ep
This may do no good at all , but it may--if everyone hopes and wishes and dreams and aspires , perhaps it will do good .	ep
It may not .	ep
Vassar 's varsity athletes may soon receive academic credit for participating in their sports during the school year .	ep
Anyone who takes this plunge is risking their life every day , betting on a future that may take a long time to arrive .	ep
There may very well have been a gasp , and some uncomfortable " Okay , that 's enough now " chuckles at the end , but the guffaws at the top of the clip are WITH her , not AT her .	ep
She may have flown under the radar for her previous campaigns , but now she 's made herself a fool in the national spotlight and effectively ruined any chance of continuing her charade , if her intention was to be a lifelong nominee in the first place .	ep
My friend describes her as a " bad actress " primarily , that co-opts " conservativism , " but does n't necessarily cling to it as some may believe .	ep
Anyway , that smile she gives after asking about the 1st Amendment may very well be her being in on the joke she 's making of herself .	ep
may be the wrong word .	ep
To quote from H.R. 5034 : " not withstanding that the state or territorial law may burden interstate commerce or an act of congress , the state law shall be upheld ... "	ep
Read for yourself : " state or territorial regulations may not facially discriminate , without justification , against out-of-state producers of alcoholic beverages in favor of in-state producers . "	de
You do have a few valid points but they too may be predicated on false premise , I do not claim to be the all knowing expert .	ep
( Factory wine producers ) may have the ability to market their own wine , smaller growers whom you seem to be so concerned about do not have the proper infrastructure to allow wine sales on line in many cases , let alone having their own transportation infrastructure .	ep
