The 14-hour flight took me from Monday morning in Sydney to Monday morning , again , in L.A. Crossing the date line messed up my sense of time enough without the added bonus of thinking I should be heading to bed just as the sun began to climb into the California sky .	de
Everyone I 've talked to who has previously attended says wonderful things about it ; this semester , one of my friends told me she was going : I should join her !	de
When we talked about the giving , and how one should try to give what one could to other sentient beings ( in the form of material items , kind words , protection , and so on ) , Khenpo Kalsang shared a story of the Buddha , and how the Buddha had given his flesh so that a family of hungry tigers could eat .	de
If I stay still long enough , if I 've achieved a relatively constant level of happiness and satisfaction , I forget that I can and should continue to seek out new ideas and approaches , and incorporate beneficial ones into my life .	de
If you get credit for introductory P.E. classes , you should get credit for varsity athletics .	de
According to Registrar Dan Giannini , “ The rationale behind such a system is to try to send the message that all courses are equal in worth and that one should n’t try to distinguish between courses based on time spent in or out of class . ”	de
If they ca n't manage to balance their athletics and their coursework , then perhaps they should reconsider participating in a varsity sport in the first place .	de
Athletes should n't get special privileges simply because they 're athletes .	de
Carolyn says , in response to the above quote , that " participating in sports is optional , and should always take second place to academics . "	de
They should have applauded , that would have settled this matter for good .	de
" Posted by : Big _ Ben at October 19 , 2010 5:48 PM Anyone who says " Evolution is only a THEORY ... it 's not a fact " is so stupid ; so utterly fucking brainless , uneducated , ignorant , clueless and unread they should immediately be sterilized on the slim chance that there 's a genetic component to their imbecility .	de
" According to a recent national poll conducted by the Center for Alcohol Policy , 79 % of respondents support the right of individual states to set their own laws and regulations surrounding the sale of alcohol and 87 % agree that state and local laws regarding alcohol regulations should be decided by lawmakers and citizens , not by judges . "	de
" Unelected judges should not set alcohol policy ; this responsibility rightly rests with individual state legislatures , as guaranteed under the 21st Amendment to the U.S. Constitution . "	de
Surely the wholesalers do n't mean to say that state alcohol laws should in no way be required to abide by the principles in the u . S.	de
" State laws that raise concerns can and should be addressed in the state legislature . "	de
The wholesalers would have argued that the racist " separate but equal " philosophy had no business being litigated and that we should wait for the legislatures that enacted the racist laws to overturn them with new laws .	de
It is published by the Specialty Wine Retailers Association and upon reading through it , you should find yourself feeling much cleaner and less soiled than after wading through the misrepresentations of the new wholesaler-sponsored website on H.R. 5034 .	ep
