But that 's the reason why I had asked if we could have this conference .	dy
As a result of that , Mr. Barna and I have spent days in an effort to try to see if there was a means by which we could somehow ameliorate the problem so that , in a certain sense , everybody gets what they want .	dy
So that raises an issue for us because clearly we would otherwise object to them taking the stand under the order as it currently exists or the motion that you 're -- your position that the motion to quash could not stand .	dy
And I wanted to let you go as far as you could , and I think I have to interject and I want to interject and I want to be clear , because I think it 's important that I do that .	dy
But I was as clear as I could possibly be that what is at issue here would be , for example , the particular events that the reporters wrote about and questions such as -- simple questions , did they attend the meeting , did they hear them say the comments , did they write the story immediately after , did they take notes at the time of the meeting .	dy
That could be one of the most unhappy experiences that a lawyer would have .	ep
We could only hope not .	dy
But what I 'm proposing here , if you could just evaluate it .	dy
And if I could just read this .	dy
Meaning if you could adapt language similar to this for the trial testimony and I agree , I have no problem in them being at a deposition prior to trial with the same kind of language relative to that .	dy
Or we could do it Monday .	ep
Your Honor , just in an effort to avoid needless procedure or inquiry , if I could just get a sense for what you have in mind and intend by the order .	de
But to go any further than that would mean that a reporter 's veracity could be questioned each and every time something like this comes up .	dy
So , no , it 's -- we presume that the statement was likely given to the reporter upon a question being asked by the reporter , although it could have been volunteered .	ep
Your Honor , one thing I might ask , since it is perhaps likely that issues are going to arise during the deposition , I 'm wondering if we could now attempt to schedule the deposition at a time when everybody , including Your Honor , might be available to intercede .	ep
I can not do it Monday because I could n't get here on Sunday .	dy
I could do it Tuesday , I could do it Wednesday .	dy
I could do it Tuesday , I could do it Wednesday .	dy
I understand those things could come up in the course of the deposition , and I 'll rule on those as I can if I 'm not instantly available .	ep
She seemed to be under the impression that as a Christian , she could not believe that evolution was a science that , you know , was true .	dy
I did n't feel that I could look at it .	de
It was in -- I guess it was in the library at the school , but I was not aware if we could go in the school library and take out books or not .	de
My next question was going to be simply if you could tell us what -- but I think she 's already told us what she can recall her husband said .	dy
And additionally , Alan Bonsell made the comment that they could n't release the tapes because after speaking with their solicitor , there would possibly be legal issues , ramifications if they released the tapes .	de
It very well could be .	ep
If you could be shown that intelligent design does not require the action of a supernatural creator and , in fact , is based on observable and empirical facts , would you change your opinion ?	dy
I believe that if intelligent design could be proved to be scientific , then I would believe it would belong in a science classroom .	dy
But I suppose that if intelligent design could follow scientific methods , then -- and it were proven to be scientific by scientists , it was accepted by scientific communities , then I would have no reason not to accept that .	dy
I feel , actually , that there are topics that probably could be explored in more detail , but I understand that there are limitations within any textbook that you have to hit on core concepts .	dy
So it could go to truth inasmuch as it 's an admission .	ep
I 'm sorry , ma'am , could you --	dy
I 'd like you to go to your deposition transcript , if you could , to Page 101 .	dy
