At my discretion , I can extend the discussion by offering each candidate an additional 30 seconds .	dy
So we can do a better job of homeland security .	dy
I can do a better job of waging a smarter , more effective war on terror and guarantee that we will go after the terrorists .	dy
Yes , we can be safe and secure , if we stay on the offense against the terrorists and if we spread freedom and liberty around the world .	dy
I do n't think you can secure America for the long run if you do n't have a comprehensive view as to how to defeat these people .	dy
At home , we 'll do everything we can to protect the homeland .	dy
We 're doing everything we can to protect our borders and ports .	dy
But absolutely we can be secure in the long run .	dy
But the best thing we can do now , Bob , given the circumstances with the company in England is for those of us who are younger and healthy , do n't get a flu shot .	dy
I want to remind people listening tonight that a plan is not a litany of complaints , and a plan is not to lay out programs that you ca n't pay for .	dy
Those that can afford it are going to buy in themselves .	dy
My question is , how can you or any president , whoever is elected next time , keep that pledge without running this country deeper into debt and passing on more of the bills that we 're running up to our children ?	dy
I 'll tell you exactly how I can do it : by reinstating what President Bush took away , which is called pay as you go .	dy
And we start -- we do n't do it exclusively -- but we start by rolling back George Bush 's unaffordable tax cut for the wealthiest people , people earning more than $200,000 a year , and we pass , hopefully , the McCain-Kerry Commission which identified some $60 billion that we can get .	dy
Let me come back in one moment to that , but I want to speak for a second , if I can , to what the president said about fiscal responsibility .	de
This president has taken a $5 . 6 trillion surplus and turned it into deficits as far as the eye can see .	dy
And I 've looked them in the eye and I 've said , " No , I ca n't do that . "	dy
What I can promise you is that I will make the playing field as fair as possible , that I will , for instance , make certain that with respect to the tax system that you as a worker in America are not subsidizing the loss of your job .	dy
The second thing that we can do is provide a fair trade playing field .	dy
And if we do that , we can have an impact .	dy
Bob , anybody can play with these votes .	dy
And I also know in a free society people , consenting adults can live the way they want to live .	de
But I also believe that because we are the United States of America , we 're a country with a great , unbelievable Constitution , with rights that we afford people , that you ca n't discriminate in the workplace .	de
You ca n't discriminate in the rights that you afford people .	de
You ca n't disallow someone the right to visit their partner in a hospital .	de
And they 're proving today , every state , that they can manage them adequately .	dy
I believe that I ca n't legislate or transfer to another American citizen my article of faith .	de
What is an article of faith for me is not something that I can legislate on somebody who does n't share that article of faith .	dy
I understand there 's great differences on this issue of abortion , but I believe reasonable people can come together and put good law in place that will help reduce the number of abortions .	dy
What I 'm saying is , is that as we promote life and promote a culture of life , surely there are ways we can work together to reduce the number of abortions : continue to promote adoption laws -- it 's a great alternative to abortion -- continue to fund and promote maternity group homes ; I will continue to promote abstinence programs .	dy
Businesses can contribute , employees can contribute on a contractual basis .	de
Businesses can contribute , employees can contribute on a contractual basis .	de
And you have said that you can pay for this by rolling back the president 's tax cut on the upper 2 percent .	dy
You can keep what you have today , keep a high deductible , keep high premiums , keep a high co-pay , keep low benefits .	de
And in exchange , if the states want to -- they 're not forced to , they can choose to -- they cover individuals up to 300 percent of poverty .	de
You want to buy into it , you can .	de
Alan Greenspan , the chairman of the Federal Reserve , says there 's no way that Social Security can pay retirees what we have promised them unless we recalibrate .	dy
Now , we can do that .	dy
If you can make 50 cents in the heart of Mexico , for example , or make $5 here in America , $5 .	dy
If they want to become a citizen , they can stand in line , too .	de
We can know who the people are , that they 're really the people they say they are when they cross the border .	dy
But in return for extra spending , we now want people to measure -- states and local jurisdictions to measure to show us whether or not a child can read or write or add and subtract . "	dy
I do n't know how you can govern in this country when you look at New York City and you see that 50 percent of the black males there are unemployed , when you see 40 percent of Hispanic children -- of black children in some cities -- dropping out of high school .	dy
And yet the president who talks about No Child Left Behind refused to fully fund -- by $28 billion -- that particular program so you can make a difference in the lives of those young people .	dy
That 's not in my value system , and certainly not so that the wealthiest people in America can walk away with another tax cut .	de
In addition , I 'm going to double the number of Special Forces so that we can fight a more effective war on terror , with less pressure on the National Guard and Reserve .	dy
There 's much we can do with them with respect to homeland security .	dy
The best way to take the pressure off our troops is to succeed in Iraq , is to train Iraqis so they can do the hard work of democracy , is to give them a chance to defend their country , which is precisely what we 're doing .	dy
Apparently you ca n't pass any test under his vision of the world .	dy
Terrorists can now come into America and go to a gun show and , without even a background check , buy an assault weapon today .	dy
That 's the access I believe is necessary , is to make sure every child learns to read , write , add and subtract early , to be able to build on that education by going to college so they can start their careers with a college diploma .	dy
But I 'm mindful in a free society that people can worship if they want to or not .	de
And I ca n't tell you how encouraged I am to see freedom on the march .	dy
And if Americans trust me with the presidency , I can pledge to you , we will have the most significant effort , openly -- not secret meetings in the White House with special interests , not ideologically driven efforts to push people aside -- but a genuine effort to try to restore America 's hope and possibilities by bringing people together .	dy
I ca n't tell you how much I love my wife and our daughters .	dy
I ca n't tell you how lucky I am .	dy
But I can take it .	dy
I can sometimes take myself too seriously .	dy
I believe I offer tested , strong leadership that can calm the waters of the troubled world .	dy
And I believe that we can together do things that are within the grasp of Americans .	dy
We can lift our schools up .	dy
We can create jobs that pay more than the jobs we 're losing overseas .	dy
We can have health care for all Americans .	dy
We can further the cause of equality in our nation .	dy
And , with faith in God and with conviction in the mission of America , I believe that we can reach higher .	dy
I believe we can do better .	dy
