I lost my investment discipline and held out the false hope that Enron could not falter .	dy
At one point , he beat himself with a stool and cut himself with a razor , deliberately disfiguring himself so that he could not be put on video as an example of a " well-treated prisoner . "	dy
I do n't have Bev 's email , so if you could please forward to her , that would be appreciated .	dy
Perhaps we could start with our friends in the Direct Access coalition ?	ep
This could be accomplished through amendments to SB 27 X.	ep
These objectives could be accomplished through amendments to SB 27 X.	ep
The language in AB 1 X leaves open the possibility that the California Public Utilities Commission could determine that power purchases made by DWR are " imprudent . "	ep
On the basis of such a finding , the CPUC could then ref use to allow DWR to collect from ratepayers the costs associated with its power purchases .	ep
However , it is more complicated and could take significantly mo re time to implement than the " legislative "	ep
California could likely reduce demand more economically by running an auction to determine the payments businesses wou ld be willing to receive to reduce their demand for a sustained period ( e.g. , through the summer months ) .	ep
DWR could easily run an on-line auction to determine the price it could pay for these demand reductions .	dy
DWR could easily run an on-line auction to determine the price it could pay for these demand reductions .	dy
We estimate that we could generate a summer 2001 on-peak demand response in excess of 400 MW during certain high cost hours , and a demand response for summer 2002 on-peak hours that could exceed 1000 MW .	dy
We estimate that we could generate a summer 2001 on-peak demand response in excess of 400 MW during certain high cost hours , and a demand response for summer 2002 on-peak hours that could exceed 1000 MW .	ep
We further estimate that the market response to this program from all ESPs could be 2 to 3 time s that amount .	ep
the economy or household budgets For example , California could amortize the recovery of the utilities , past debt over a 5 - 10 year period .	dy
In addition , the magnitude of the rate increase can be reduced in two ways : First , the utilities could absorb some portion of their existing debt in recognition of the risk they accepted when they agreed to the structure of AB 1890 .	dy
That ai n't ASCII , though we could be the high-order 8 bits for much of plain text processing , and that 's fine by me .	ep
I thought I could contribute with a small text explaining the way I have finally come to think of the problem .	dy
It probably belongs between level 6 and 7 , as it could prove that the application layer provides all the textual data .	ep
> | could be printed as ` ` 3.2 .1 ' '	ep
This could be achieved if we also numbered the parent element \ verb | < l ^ gt ; | . )	ep
