Interactive fiction like video games , on the other hand , presents violence in a narrative context , which may very well desensitize participants to said violence , but no causative link has ever been proven .	ep
Moore 's second hypothesis is that America 's foreign policy may contribute to the belief that violence is an appropriate means to solve conflicts , a hypothesis which is shared by many sociologists and psychologists .	ep
You make the hysterical claim that the interview " may be faked " ( on the basis that no name is shown for the interviewee ) , but if Moore had faked it , why the hell should he put this sentence in the protestor 's mouth , which directly contradicts the conclusion that the rally happened hours after Kayla 's death ?	ep
Opinions may vary on how tasteless it was for Heston to hold a pro gun rally on the location of the nation 's youngest school shooting months after the fact , but this sequence of " Bowling " is without doubt the most unfair to Heston .	ep
The behaviors of the sterile workers may be divided into several subcategories : brood care , nest maintenance , patrolling and foraging .	ep
Patrolling may be divided into two distinct sub-behaviors , nest patrolling and trail patrolling .	ep
Perhaps the level of degradation of the nest patrollers ’ cuticular hydrocarbons after this short foray into the sun and heat acts as an indication of the outside conditions to the foragers , who may then , upon smelling the returning patroller , be stimulated either to forage or to remain inactive inside the nest .	ep
This is thought to be accomplished by the deposition of chemical markers from a gland on the abdomen that the patroller drags along the ground on her return route to the nest that the foragers may then follow ( Gordon , 33 - 34 ; Holldobler et al , 1990 , as cited in Webb , 1998 ) .	dy
Ants themselves rely primarily on chemical information taken in through their antennae , and to mimic this , Antie will have chemical sensing and emitting “ stalks ” with which to both interact with other ants ( who may be surprised to find an ant without antennae ) and take in chemical information .	ep
These sensors will be of the type patented by Peterson , et al ( Patent # 4 , 492,949 ) , and will feature several layers of electrically insulating and parallel flexible conductive rods arranged such that an exerted pressure may be measured in output voltage .	ep
We may assume that this first function will return a direction in degrees , positive or negative , and that the second function will return a distance in centimeters .	ep
The code may look something like this :	ep
The code may look something like this :	ep
Research has shown that red harvester ants may identify the tasks nestmates are engaged in based on the ratio of n-alkenes to n-alkanes in their hydrocarbons and the presence or absence of branched n-alkanes .	ep
The code will be similar to the object identification subroutine and may look something like this :	ep
The code may look something like this :	ep
As tempting as this interpretation may be , this observation is relegated to the notes section because it constitutes a horrible abuse of terminology—there is only so far that such tonal analogies can go before they begin to hide any true analytical insight behind misused terms .	ep
Youngstown may have been an important and prosperous region in the post-war period , but the seeds for its downfall were slowly being sown .	ep
What happened in Youngstown may not seem significant on an international or even on a national level , and perhaps it is not .	ep
