b ) Why should Moore leave the words " Clinton is on the Today Show " visible in the text , which is necessary to correctly interpret the highlighted part ?	de
You make the hysterical claim that the interview " may be faked " ( on the basis that no name is shown for the interviewee ) , but if Moore had faked it , why the hell should he put this sentence in the protestor 's mouth , which directly contradicts the conclusion that the rally happened hours after Kayla 's death ?	de
The claims of deliberate distortion do n't hold up when viewing the whole scene , though -- as " Hanlon 's Razor " states , one should never attribute to malice what can be attributed to incompetence .	de
While this can in part be explained with his age and mental condition , if he is unable to defend the interests of the NRA , he should not be their spokesman .	de
If Heston makes himself look like a fool , that should hardly be blamed on Michael Moore .	de
This should be sufficient to return Antie to the nest , given the accuracy achieved by Lambrinos , et al and the relatively short periods of time that harvester ants spend outside the nest before returning .	ep
The orientation and distance should be calculable by the polarization pattern according to the system set up by Lambrinos , et al.	de
Antie will therefore have a polarization function that will return a compass direction toward which it should orient in order to return home to the nest , and a distance function that will return the shortest direct distance .	de
The graph in Example 2 will serve as a point of departure for the subsequent analysis ; while we will periodically refer back to some of its specific elements , it should be understood that even when not explicitly referenced , this graph serves as the explanatory goal of this paper .	de
Beyond that , no one knew how they should proceed : everyone knew that saving the mills was important , but nobody stepped forward with a full - fledged plan to do it without losing huge amounts of money and dragging even more people down .	de
In some instances , small companies would express interest in helping the movement or in relocating their business in the area , but because of regional pride no one could ever agree where the new businesses should relocate .	de
