To say that they could not have done otherwise is a bold lie by Moore 's critics .	dy
" Moore answers a simple question -- how could the scene have been filmed -- with a simple answer : two cameras .	dy
From this , you construct an obscure conspiracy of " re-enactment " : " For all we can tell , Moore could have shouted ' Hey ! '	ep
How could he even think about blaming poverty and forced labor programs for anything bad that happens ?	dy
" That 's right . I could buy as much ammunition as I wanted , in Canada .	de
Science fiction writers have been anticipating humanoid androids that could pass a Turing Test for years .	dy
No robot has yet been constructed , however , that could pass undetected within a colony of the red harvester ants species Pogonomyrmex barbatus ; nor has a robot managed to pass undetected in a society of insects while combining in its design several different behaviors and the thresholds of stimulation required to switch between them .	dy
Biomimetic robots have long been a rich source of information for both biologists and robotics engineers , and complex robots that can switch tasks as the situation demands and communicate information about current tasks could be useful for further studies of complex robot behaviors as well as for the obvious practical applications of robot swarms , such as on the battlefield and standard building maintenance .	ep
Because of its emphasis here in the development section and its position as leading to B in the second theme group , we could conceive of C # as a sub-dominant in this movement .	ep
Although it affected Youngstown and the surrounding area more than it affected other regions , the local people simply could not solve a national crisis on a local level .	dy
Those that could afford to move did so ; those that couldn ’ t afford to move mostly ended up on the streets .	dy
The very first thing that the workers could do was “ to get up a petition to stop the shutdown , ”	dy
The Coalition had no proper funds to buy the mills , so they could do nothing but sit back and watch as the mills closed .	dy
However , to American companies already suffering financial setbacks , outdated machinery , and fierce competition , this lack of demand was an inconvenience they could not afford .	dy
Without funds , the Save Our Valley Campaign could do nothing major to help salvage the city ’ s dying economy .	dy
People clung to vague ideas of worker collectivization , but no one could really fathom exactly how that would work ; the people of Youngstown were , after all , not particularly familiar with socialism or collectivization in general .	dy
Without a real plan , nothing could truly be achieved .	dy
No one had ever seen a shutdown of this magnitude and rapidity before , and none of the leaders of USWA , not even president Lynn Williams , knew what could be done .	dy
This would mean that UWSA would lose credibility with the American government and its people , something they could not afford to do .	dy
In some instances , small companies would express interest in helping the movement or in relocating their business in the area , but because of regional pride no one could ever agree where the new businesses should relocate .	dy
