We should con- be able to conclude from that that -	ep
But , maybe w- we should just reverse this to make it a little bit more delicate .	de
this is another , smaller , case of reasoning in the case of an uncertainty , which makes me think Bayes - net should be	ep
We just want to know how we should answer " Where is X_ ?	de
You should probably	de
know - how- who- which one to declare the winner , if it does n't know the question it is , and how that question should be answered ?	de
There was a confusion there , k- I did n't intend to say every possible thing should go into the Bayes - net , because some of the things are n't relevant in the Bayes - net	de
They should come when they 're done their stuff , basically , whenever that is .	ep
calculation of marks and assigning of grades , but I do n't know if she should be here .	ep
Well - or , she should be free after that , so -	ep
Oh , I think we should disappoint him .	de
I think w- we should do absolutely no work	de
We should do this th- the upcoming days .	de
should we start on Thursday ?	de
So it should be a really short meeting , I hope .	ep
um , we should probably get different mikes .	de
So we should buzz that out if we send the data to Sony .	de
We should keep a list of things we 're gonna bleep out and the conditions under which -	de
This is something we were talking about before I left and saying we should probably wait until after I 'm back , and now I 'm back , so , we should do that at some point .	de
This is something we were talking about before I left and saying we should probably wait until after I 'm back , and now I 'm back , so , we should do that at some point .	de
I mean , you should do that too ,	de
And it should n't be .	de
Yeah , so I asked Dave about it and he has n't looked into it yet , but we should definitely double check on it .	de
So , maybe we should do that	de
I think we should also at the same time try to , uh , convert over to your new naming conventions .	de
Then I should have made that as an agenda item .	de
I mean , it should probably be - eventually should probably be consistent with what you 're doing but ,	de
I mean , it should probably be - eventually should probably be consistent with what you 're doing but ,	de
No but I think just to be consistent we should also , I mean , have the same conventions , just in case you want -	de
Well , maybe I should n't say that on re- record .	de
So you should probably talk to a Sys Admin and get it put in some central place .	de
Where should I start ?	de
No , but they should be	ep
O_K , should we do digits ?	de
It should give the electric shock to the person recording the meeting .	de
