So you could just - Could n't you just run a -	dy
Well now , y- I mean , you could -	ep
you could say , " Well , there - Here 's the Where- Is construction .	dy
And since we have a finite number of constructions that we can deal with , we could have a finite number of nodes .	ep
But uh , it seems like we could have - I mea- or uh we could put all of the- all of the r- information that could also be relevant	dy
But uh , it seems like we could have - I mea- or uh we could put all of the- all of the r- information that could also be relevant	dy
But uh , it seems like we could have - I mea- or uh we could put all of the- all of the r- information that could also be relevant	ep
Cuz oth- If we 're just taking arbitrary language in , we could n't have a node for every possible question , you know ?	dy
So no matter what they said , if I could map it onto a Where - Is construction ,	dy
I could say , " ah !	dy
and I could look at those .	dy
But how many constructions do - could we possibly have	ep
Yeah , that 's why I was saying if we could just unplug them and plug them in .	ep
Well , I mean , that 's the other option , is that we could switch the form so it 's more obvious the distinction between channel and mike , um , and then get	dy
So , I mean , we could try another mike .	dy
No , we could add one .	dy
Oh , we could add one , yeah .	dy
And then we could have the phone phone ,	dy
The other thing I could do to relieve some of the pressure um is just move everything	ep
someone could try to put a hack like that into the -	ep
So we could leave those as they are .	ep
I mean the - what you could do is decompress it to a temporary place and then operate on it and then delete it .	dy
Maybe n- next week if we could .	dy
And he sent an email that he could n't - could n't install it and I - I just described him , well , what I did and it was really straightforward , so .	dy
And he sent an email that he could n't - could n't install it and I - I just described him , well , what I did and it was really straightforward , so .	dy
I could do that .	dy
vocal tract length normalization and we could n't figure out how to do that yet with the ICSI features .	dy
idea of what you could gain with it .	ep
I could .	dy
I could certainly do that .	dy
We could also do the vocal tract length normalization with the ICSI features .	dy
We could - I was actually thinking we could use the warping factors that we compute for the M _ F _ C _ C 's	dy
We could - I was actually thinking we could use the warping factors that we compute for the M _ F _ C _ C 's	dy
If we could figure out how .	dy
And uh we could play the same kind of games with the ICSI front-end .	ep
the - Yeah , and then we could start experimenting a little bit to try to get the ICSI front-end to perform better .	dy
is there a way that the software could warn you if it gets zeros from	dy
We could probably build that in to the front-end .	ep
