I could never forget .	dy
“ I could tell the moment you walked in .	dy
I could see your shoes have been worn a few milimeters , but the canvas is fairly new .	dy
If only I could keep them talking long enough for Evelyn to wake up , then she might ...	dy
I could see I was totally encased in metal .	dy
As they grew closer , they could see some lacy undies flapping in the breeze .	dy
Before today , I had n't even known other people could do things like this .	dy
Who could ’ve seen it coming , though ?	dy
They 've said they could fix it before ; never worked . "	dy
There was enough gravity so that now , I could walk without floating up into the air .	dy
I didn ’ t even know how they could create gravity in a spaceship .	dy
There were deep bags beneath his eyes , and , as he turned to me , I could see how deeply worn he was from the lines on his face .	dy
Paige , being who she was , set up a website where you could send us personal stories , bios , etc , or just talk to us and the other people about everything .	dy
Remembering Paige 's Ending ( part 1 ) Dreamer 2008-11-09 T 20:48:06 Z ID : 45749 Prequels : 45748 Sequels : 45751 There are several memories I wish I could share .	dy
After growing up the way we did , how could I ever expect it to be ?	ep
People knew what I could do , yet they thought I wasn ’ t able to do little things , like walking down a hallway .	dy
All I could think of them doing for me was bringing me more pain .	dy
I did n't want to scare them with my own thoughts about what Karon could be planning .	ep
Something I wish I could Tell a Certain Someone penguincaptain 18 2008-11-09 T 22:07:45 Z ID : 45764 Prequels : none Sequels : none Of course I want to make out with you .	dy
That could be it .	ep
" Could mean many things , could mean nothing .	ep
I hated how , no matter how rude and angry I could be , Karon would always stay so calm .	dy
This only happened to me once before , when I just could n't control anything .	dy
From that point on , neither friend could focus on the movie .	dy
We could easily hide , if the helicopters came near .	dy
We could all get out of here- Wait ...	dy
They told him to spin the Bone Wheel , so they could see for themselves .	dy
Fallen Angel Thyme Passing 2008-11-11 T 10:26:25 Z ID : 45852 Prequels : none Sequels : 45853 It was as bleak as a day could get , the day the angel fell from the heavens .	dy
It said something in its language that I could not understand .	dy
Janice could almost see the courage building up inside him .	dy
She wonder if he could hear her heart racing .	dy
On the contrary ... Even this little spark of hope could not make him smile .	dy
What could a human do against a giant ?	dy
I got here as soon as I could . ”	dy
“ How could I forget ?	dy
No one could crack it for months . ”	dy
Pure coincidence could be an explanation , and it sounded like a good one , so I went with that and waved at him .	ep
