“ How can you tell that ? ”	dy
That ’s all I can tell . ”	dy
He can identify me lady , I simply can not allow that to happen .	dy
He can identify me lady , I simply can not allow that to happen .	dy
You can survive now , just keep it together , man !	dy
An awkward silence filled the air , until I said , " What I can do , what you can do -- I think they are related somehow . "	dy
An awkward silence filled the air , until I said , " What I can do , what you can do -- I think they are related somehow . "	dy
" I mean , I can make other things move , you can make yourself move .	dy
" I mean , I can make other things move , you can make yourself move .	dy
In the blackness that is her dorm room , all you can see is the whites of her eyes .	dy
But Andy ’ s gone , and now we can ’ t do anything about it .	dy
Problem is , the tag page only shows as many tags as it can hold ( meaning , for me , just numbers and a ’ s ) .	dy
Then I shut up , remembering the Miranda Rights I heard on the holovisions from time to time : anything you say can and will be used against you .	dy
All he can talk about , for a change , is how excited he is to be actually taking me on a date .	dy
I ca n't believe how excited he is .	dy
I ca n't remember how to talk so I just kind of stare at him .	dy
same . band geek 2008-11-09 T 21:39:15 Z ID : 45756 Prequels : 45755 Sequels : 45760 People tried to convince me to go through with all of the things doctors kept trying to fix by telling me " I ca n't imagine not being able to see .	dy
Colors were just an abstract idea ; there 's really no way to imagine seeing anything but the colors you can already see , now is there ?	dy
he laughed , “ but she certainly can ’ t say no to this ! ”	dy
“ I , King of the Gods , grant you , Psyche the mortal , the greatest gift a god can give a mortal .	dy
“ You can not argue to the marraige of a god to a goddess . ”	de
But it just can ’ t happen today .	dy
Nothing can seperate the two , not even the tempermental , envious goddess of Love .	dy
Nothing can seperate the two , not even the tempermental , envious goddess of Love .	dy
They can be pretty useful once they learn to control it . "	ep
" I wo n't " ¦ I ca n't , "	dy
" Run , ca n't you HEAR me ? "	dy
" You ca n't do it . "	dy
“ So many questions , how can I keep up ? ”	dy
” ... He can be invisible and stuff too . "	dy
“ I can ’ t believe we ’re doing this .	dy
“ I sit around and watch you , sorry if that sounds a bit creepy but I can ’ t help it .	dy
How can you say that ?	dy
“ I ’m sorry , Fame , but I can ’ t lose you . ”	de
Kyle continued , Janice ’ s face was about as red as can be imagined , yet getting redder .	dy
Todd is also looking around but he can ’ t see anything but a ball-point pen that ’s been crushed .	dy
You can go now . ”	de
Hurting Mackizme 2008-11-11 T 15:09:29 Z ID : 45868 Prequels : 45865 Sequels : 45871 Tom can ’ t run any longer .	dy
He can ’ t stop his teeth from chattering hopelessly and his shoulders begin to shake as well .	dy
He can hear the sound of nearby cars driving by and he lifts an arm uselessly .	dy
“ im comin home now so we can hang out ”	dy
He can occasionally make out some voices , but only snippets of conversation .	dy
He can ’ t help but give up control .	dy
