" I can fix that . "	dy
It 's strange how one can write delightedly of the happier moments of life , forgetting the things that one would forget by remembering fully the things one would remember , and suddenly the forgotten , in revenge , rears up to savage the unwary .	dy
And if I can brag and digress so easily , this must not be painful enough to merit a mindwipe , yes ?	dy
I can remember similar things with others .	dy
" But an artist who would stay first among his fellows can tell when he begins to fail . "	dy
Somehow , Tasha and I began to argue the worth of Solevgrad jazz , as inconsequential a topic as I can imagine .	dy
It is strange to know that we can do acts of unrepayable kindness to those we should hate .	dy
My fear is that she would live , and I would learn that I had lost her long before Emil Malaquez translated her into a thing that can be kept , admired , and loved .	dy
It was still a mess , but everything bigger than a soda can had disappeared .	other
I can only answer one question at a time .	dy
Nepthys nodded : “ It ’ s okay , you can trust him .	dy
“ Not that I can remember , man .	dy
I can send you to a guy who knows all about them , though .	dy
If this cat ’ s for real , I bet my friend can tell you everything you need to know . ”	dy
Now , the more we can do before nightfall , the better . ”	dy
Now , can we get going ? ”	dy
Frankly , I don ’ t know if we can even doing anything against a vampire .	dy
Now can you tell me what your master plan of attack will be before we go spinning counterclockwise into an Anne Rice novel ? ”	dy
I can hear your heartbeat from over here . ”	dy
As you can see , our situation is of personal importance to the young man .	dy
The herb vendor will tell you where you can find it .	dy
If you would fetch me this stone , I would tell you what I can . ”	dy
How can I help you gentlemen ? ”	dy
Nevertheless , she gave me what I can only describe as an “ appraising glance ”	dy
I said , “ now that we ’ re sitting down , can you explain a little more of what ’ s going on here ?	dy
I can drink like a fish , kid .	dy
“ Now , how can I help the elegantly mannered friend of my Nepthys and his surprising young charge ?	dy
I hope I can start by offering some wine . ”	dy
If I know him , I can find him .	dy
I hope that you can do a better job than the last lot . ”	dy
Let me see if I can find him . ”	dy
You should look for him at Dvorov ’ s as quickly as you can . ”	dy
