The more I learn about the cost and inefficiencies of the current and future regulatory regime to which power generators will be subjected if we do not have new legislation , the more I am convinced that we can -- and must -- develop a smarter approach that protects the environment and public health while reducing the cost to consumers and industry and optimizing the size of both the state and federal government machinery necessary to achieve that protection .	de
For all of these reasons , the Administration must oppose S. 556 .	de
Up-front knowledge of future requirements for multiple pollutants would lead firms to follow significantly different and less expensive compliance strategies at individual plants , compared with compliance choices which must be made as requirements are addressed in a sequential manner under the current law .	de
The NEP goals of increasing energy supplies , accelerating the protection and improvement of the environment , and increasing our nation 's energy supply must be advanced .	de
Finally , as greenhouse gas emissions are projected to grow exponentially in the developing world in the next two decades , we must evaluate the costs of imposing domestic reductions as a very high cost against potentially low-cost opportunities for mitigating and sequestering carbon emissions in the developing world .	de
THESE CONCLUSIONS must be viewed in the context of human nature and individual and societal responsibility .	de
But as a nation , we must also accept responsibility for what we permitted to occur .	de
These are serious matters that must be addressed and resolved to restore faith in our financial markets , to avoid the next crisis , and to rebuild a system of capital that provides the foundation for a new era of broadly shared prosperity .	de
For example , upon request , recipients must provide LSC access to all records specified in section 509 ( h ) unless , as provided in section 509 ( h ) , the information sought is protected by the attorney-client privilege .	de
In addition , upon request , recipients must also provide LSC access to original unredacted client " statement of facts , " as required by 45 CFR ยง 1636 .	de
