The more I learn about the cost and inefficiencies of the current and future regulatory regime to which power generators will be subjected if we do not have new legislation , the more I am convinced that we can -- and must -- develop a smarter approach that protects the environment and public health while reducing the cost to consumers and industry and optimizing the size of both the state and federal government machinery necessary to achieve that protection .	dy
The current Clean Air Act has been enormously successful , but we can do better .	dy
Significant cost savings can be achieved for power generators and consumers through a comprehensive legislative package .	dy
One lesson we should learn from the success of the Acid Rain cap and trade program is that when certain key issues can be resolved through clear legislation , we can avoid years of litigation , business uncertainty and costs , and delayed environmental protection .	dy
One lesson we should learn from the success of the Acid Rain cap and trade program is that when certain key issues can be resolved through clear legislation , we can avoid years of litigation , business uncertainty and costs , and delayed environmental protection .	dy
Allowance trading provides incentives for energy conservation and technology innovation that can both lower the cost of compliance and yield pollution prevention benefits .	dy
• NOx emissions contribute to nitrogen deposition that may lead to eutrophication of estuaries and near-coastal waters and can damage forested watersheds .	ep
By enacting such an approach , we can achieve environmental and public health protection more effectively and at less cost .	dy
Under section 126 of the Clean Air Act , a state can petition EPA and request that EPA require reductions from sources outside the petitioning state 's borders .	de
Further , the attainment efforts of individual States and localities not only impose costs on these entities , but also can increase complexity for companies which face differing requirements when operations cross state lines .	ep
Thus , well-designed national cap and trade programs can help use government resources and taxpayer dollars more efficiently at both the state and federal level .	ep
I look forward to the additional hearings you will need to address these important issues and to working with the Committee to develop an approach that the President can support .	dy
This was a fundamental disruption—a financial upheaval , if you will—that wreaked havoc in communities and neighborhoods across this country . As this report goes to print , there are more than 26 million Americans who are out of work , can not find full-time work , or have given up looking for work .	dy
While the business cycle can not be repealed , a crisis of this magnitude need not have occurred .	dy
One can ’ t really ask “ What were they thinking ? ” when it seems that too many of them were thinking alike .	dy
Yet a crisis of this magnitude can not be the work of a few bad actors , and such was not the case here .	ep
Its complexity has erected barriers to modifying mortgages so families can stay in their homes and has created further uncertainty about the health of the housing market and financial institutions .	de
While we have not been charged with making policy recommendations , the very purpose of our report has been to take stock of what happened so we can plot a new course .	dy
The purpose of this document is to inform LSC recipients and other interested parties of the procedure for providing LSC access to records in a manner consistent with the attorney-client privilege and applicable rules of professional responsibility and the mechanism to resolve issues of how such access can be obtained .	dy
8 . Disputes Between LSC and Recipients : If OCE and the recipient can not agree on an approach that will give OCE appropriate access to the records it needs and is consistent with the recipient 's responsibilities to protect privileged or confidential information , OCE , through the Vice- President for Administration , may recommend to the Vice President for Programs that LSC should take appropriate action with respect to the recipient .	dy
