In addition , there are a number of issues that Congress should consider that S. 556 does not address .	de
Rather than add yet another layer of environmental regulations on top of the existing ones , we believe that S. 556 should eliminate those unnecessary existing requirements .	de
One lesson we should learn from the success of the Acid Rain cap and trade program is that when certain key issues can be resolved through clear legislation , we can avoid years of litigation , business uncertainty and costs , and delayed environmental protection .	de
Greenhouse gas emissions should be addressed in the context of climate change , which is being undertaken by the President 's Cabinet level working group .	de
should be a key consideration .	de
In particular , to prevent the reoccurrence of energy shortages and price volatility , a diverse mix of fuel sources should be maintained .	de
We believe the bill is missing some provisions -- it should address the allocation scheme and integration with existing programs .	de
Allowing sources to make reductions where it is most economical to do so is one of the reasons cap and trade programs should be less costly than command-and-control programs that achieve the same or even fewer reductions .	de
If they are not auctioned , should they be allocated based on heat input or electrical and steam output ?	de
There are other issues as well that this Committee should consider , such as coordination with existing state and regional programs like the Western Regional Air Partnership and the NOx reduction programs in the east .	de
We should not delay the public health and environmental benefits from reduction of these emissions while we wait for consensus to develop on CO 2 .	de
Those conditions created increased risks , which should have been recognized by market participants , policy makers , and regulators .	de
If we accept this notion , it will happen again . This report should not be viewed as the end of the nation ’ s examination of this crisis .	de
8 . Disputes Between LSC and Recipients : If OCE and the recipient can not agree on an approach that will give OCE appropriate access to the records it needs and is consistent with the recipient 's responsibilities to protect privileged or confidential information , OCE , through the Vice- President for Administration , may recommend to the Vice President for Programs that LSC should take appropriate action with respect to the recipient .	de
If the Vice President for Programs determines that LSC should proceed to take action affecting the recipient , it shall notify the recipient in writing of the action that is proposed .	de
If the recipient requests such a face-to-face meeting , the Vice President for Programs would convene such a meeting and make a recommendation to LSC 's President as to how LSC should proceed .	de
