" I ca n't read , I ca n't write - and they wo n't let me talk ! "	dy
" I ca n't read , I ca n't write - and they wo n't let me talk ! "	dy
The chief orders all of his people to scavenge every scrap of wood they can .	dy
You can go now .	de
" Well , that 's just it , you see Mr Noah " , said the snakes , " We ca n't , because we 're adders . "	dy
" You ca n't eat your own food in here ! "	de
, screamed the man , " How can you tell ?	dy
If you ca n't be kind , at least have the decency to be vague .	dy
You ca n't get eight cats to pull a sleigh through snow . "	dy
* Money ca n't buy happiness ...	dy
* Paul 's Law : You ca n't fall off the floor .	dy
* A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell and make you feel happy to be on your way .	dy
* Vital papers will demonstrate their vitality by moving from where you left them to where you ca n't find them .	dy
You can have your deer ! ! !	de
Translation : " I ca n't hear the game over the vacuum cleaner "	dy
Translation : " And I sure hope I can think of some pretty soon . "	dy
Translation : " I have n't the foggiest clue what you just said , and am hoping desperately that I can fake it well enough so that you do n't spend the next 3 days yelling at me . "	dy
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend .	dy
A man goes into a drug store and asks the pharmacist if he can give him something to stop hiccups .	dy
" Any fool can open an oyster . "	dy
Door of a plastic surgeon 's office : " We can help you pick your nose ! "	dy
Why is it called lipstick if you can still move your lips ?	dy
" I ca n't believe it , "	dy
I can see now that I should have been more specific .	dy
Miser : A person who lives poor so that he can die rich .	dy
" I ca n't help you out , "	dy
" There is one thing more exasperating than a spouse who can cook and wo n't , and that 's a spouse who ca n't cook and will . "	dy
" There is one thing more exasperating than a spouse who can cook and wo n't , and that 's a spouse who ca n't cook and will . "	dy
Show me a man with both feet planted firmly on the ground and I 'll show you a man who ca n't put on his pants .	dy
We can get out of the deepest wells just by not stopping , never giving up !	dy
He descended a bit more and shouted , " Excuse me , can you help me ?	dy
The face of a child can say it all , especially the mouth part of the face . "	dy
You can spend a whole evening in front of it in only eight minutes . "	dy
this dog can play the piano ! "	dy
The bartender replies , " Well , if he can play that piano , you both can stay ... and have a drink on the house ! "	dy
The bartender replies , " Well , if he can play that piano , you both can stay ... and have a drink on the house ! "	de
How 's That ? There are some people so addicted to exaggeration that they ca n't even tell the truth without lying . "	dy
I said , " Sure , of course you can , "	de
2 . It is impossible to lick your elbow 3 . A crocodile ca n't stick its tongue out	dy
13 . Rats and horses ca n't vomit	dy
15 . If you sneeze too hard , you can fracture a rib . If you try to suppress a sneeze , you can rupture a blood vessel in your head or neck and die . If you keep your eyes open by force , they will pop out	ep
15 . If you sneeze too hard , you can fracture a rib . If you try to suppress a sneeze , you can rupture a blood vessel in your head or neck and die . If you keep your eyes open by force , they will pop out	ep
" Some of us ca n't find a husband , and others have husbands to burn ! "	dy
4 . In one swift move , place cat in toilet , close both lids and stand on top so cat can not escape .	dy
Meanwhile , a monkey who had been watching all this from a nearby tree , figures he can put this knowledge to good use and trade it for protection from the leopard .	dy
I can never trust him .	dy
14 . You feel stuck with your debt if you ca n't budge it .	dy
" It 's not me who ca n't keep a secret it 's the people I tell that ca n't . "	dy
" It 's not me who ca n't keep a secret it 's the people I tell that ca n't . "	dy
" There 's one thing about being a president - nobody can tell you when to sit down . "	de
6 . Lowering the standards so that dead horses can be included .	dy
26 . Do not use hyperbole ; not one in a million can do it effectively .	dy
With all my $ tuff , I $ imply ca n't think of anything I need , $ o if you would like , you can ju $ t $ end me a card , a $ I would love to hear from you .	dy
With all my $ tuff , I $ imply ca n't think of anything I need , $ o if you would like , you can ju $ t $ end me a card , a $ I would love to hear from you .	de
Do NOt forget that the pursuit of kNOwledge is a NOble task , and you can never study eNOugh .	dy
