In this trousers category , Thompson must share the limelight with Coleridge by virtue of the line in Kubla Khan : As if this earth in fast thick pants were breathing .	de
We must move ineluctably to a consideration of perfectly reputable words which , having acquired sexual connotations , cause adolescent — and often adult — hilarity , even when read by a person of only mildly prurient mind .	de
Even if you are not a fan , you must have heard it as least a dozen times .	ep
Speaking of my time in the AAF , which was utterly undistinguished , I think I must make a confession .	de
I hope Ms. / Miss / Mrs. Power never needs to draw on the considerable first-aid and emergency training that every attendant must master .	de
It is , I suppose , likely that people with little money must think of money more than the well-off do and that the hungry will dwell on thoughts of food and the thirsty on drink .	de
Then , too , one must examine the techniques used to group the many languages of the world .	de
One rapidly runs out of hands and must resort to fingers and toes , for after years of laboriously categorizing these languages , the number of different main branches ( called families and subfamilies ) came to about ten .	de
But there , as everywhere else , nothing can interfere with progress and , regardless of the finds and their importance , the archaeologist must eventually yield to the bulldozer .	de
As everyone in the world must know by now , William Safire writes a column in The New York Times Magazine called “ On Language . ”	ep
Considering the circulation of The New York Times on Sundays , his column is probably the most widely read commentary on contemporary English in the world ; that places more than one uncommon burden on a writer : he must do his utmost to be accurate ; he must try to select subjects likely to be of interest to his readers ; and he must write well .	de
Considering the circulation of The New York Times on Sundays , his column is probably the most widely read commentary on contemporary English in the world ; that places more than one uncommon burden on a writer : he must do his utmost to be accurate ; he must try to select subjects likely to be of interest to his readers ; and he must write well .	de
Considering the circulation of The New York Times on Sundays , his column is probably the most widely read commentary on contemporary English in the world ; that places more than one uncommon burden on a writer : he must do his utmost to be accurate ; he must try to select subjects likely to be of interest to his readers ; and he must write well .	de
I am interested in what Safire has to say about language but find myself stymied : I get the feeling that he has deliberately created a minefield of interruptions in thought through which I must pick my way to the end .	de
Re the article on Cuthbert , Dickens uses intercourse to mean ` communication between people ' in A Christmas Carol when Scrooge says “ I will not be the man I must have been but for this intercourse ” to the third Spirit .	ep
