The finding , if it holds up , says the Times , may lead to a simple way for airline travelers to fight jet lag .	ep
Even Shelley may stake a claim , if only in the pajama division of this sector , thanks to his description in Epipsychidion of how . . . the slow , silent night Is measured by the pants of their calm sleep .	de
One may well wonder what Miss Stowe had in mind when , in Uncle Tom 's Cabin ( Chapter 5 ) , she narrates how “ Mrs. Shelby stood like one stricken .	ep
One may be indulged a giggle even though he is sure that Isak Dinesen did not intend an impropriety when she recorded in Out of Africa ( Part V , Chapter 4 ) how “ Fathima 's big white cock came strutting up before me . ”	ep
In Bleak House ( Chapter XXIV ) Dickens may cause some readers to blush when he wrote of Mr. George 's blush that “ He reddened a little through his brown . ”	ep
Helen W. Power , in “ Women on Language ; Women in Language , ” [ XV , 2 ] may bewail the insensitivity of the male .	ep
Giles is not always waxing poetic and may , like other explorers , be useful as a source for the history of Australian and general English .	ep
Be that as it may , a later Australian visitor to English drizzle might feel nostalgic when thinking of the parched and thirsty but water - obsessed vocabulary developed in the drier areas of our sunburnt land .	ep
A chutzpanik may be defined as the man who shouts ` Help ! Help ! ' while beating you up . ”	ep
Those who are not familiar with feminist writings may find it useful and interesting to consider a book , recently published in Britain , that is typical of the harsher brand of such works .	ep
Many , we may hope , have not yet been found .	ep
Each is a distinct phylum ; although there may be word -borrowing among them , lexicon is considered less important in the classification of languages than structure and grammar .	ep
If a relatively limited access to a synonym dictionary is likely to be of use , then this package may be of service .	ep
Those familiar with Safire 's editorial style , reflected in his political columns on the editorial pages of The N. Y. Times , may agree with me in the contention that when he writes about language he seems to be writing on his day off : I can not put my finger on why , but “ On Language ” always strikes me as an excruciating effort to be cute .	ep
The authors have provided a brief introduction which is easy to follow , a list of suggested readings , and the names and addresses of the several institutions and societies in Britain where readers may indulge a more intensive interest in dialect study .	dy
In some respects , it may not be long before certain aspects of dialect geography will be largely historical .	ep
