( Chatterbox would prefer not to invoke the phrase " intellectual dishonesty , " because it 's pompous and falsely suggests that only intellectuals can be intellectually dishonest .	dy
( One of the three is Kelsey 's sister , whose motives can be similarly questioned ; the other two heard Broaddrick tell her story but did not see her bruised lip , as only Kelsey and Broaddrick 's husband claim to have . )	dy
Much of it , of course , using the standards of top newspapers , can not be used since it is largely gossip we are repeating , although it certainly could make for some very good stories .	dy
Her goal will be to get Arafat to come out decisively and publicly for peace with Israel , telling him that there can be no more attempts at co-opting Hamas , and " no more kisses " of its leaders .	de
How odd -- and a good illustration of how trying to shoe-horn in a " witty " headline can drive you into an idea that does n't fit or is undeserved .	ep
Doctors now believe a fetus can become viable during the 23 rd week -- a week earlier than was thought 24 years ago .	ep
Pro-choicers say the ban on IDEs is inconsistent with Roe , because the procedure can be used to abort pre-viable fetuses .	dy
Why , they ask , does the fact that a fetus can survive outside the womb with the help of vast medical technology change either of the interests at war in the abortion debate : the fetus 's own claim to " human-ness " and a woman 's right to control her body ?	dy
Who can , for instance , blame a youth with but a mildly evil disposition from guffawing when he reads in Pater 's Marius The Epicurean ( Chapter V ) a reference to Apuleius ' The Golden Ass noting that “ all through the book , there is an unmistakably real feeling for asses . . . ” ?	dy
One is entitled to speculate on what outrageous proposal the narrator had made in Proust 's Remembrance of Things Past , Vol. 2 — Cities of the Plain ( translated by C. K. Scott Moncrieff — Modern Library , N. Y. , 1934 , Page 90 ) to cause the Duchess to say , “ Apart from your balls , ca n't I be of any use to you ? ”	dy
A phrase can paint an astonishing picture for the reader .	dy
I ca n't remember how I did it , but somehow I smuggled those records back to my barracks and got them home intact on my next furlough .	dy
Fowler lists five instances where a careless writer can go wrong .	ep
Oh , it can lead one to a rhymed couplet : He loves his brother and his wife , Does he live a double life ?	ep
naches the ` glow of pleasure-plus-pride that only a child can give to its parents ' : “ This is my son , the Doctor ! ”	dy
oy not so much a word as an entire vocabulary , as Rosten observes : “ can express any emotion , from trivial delight to the blackest woe . ”	dy
oy vay ; oy vay in mir literally , “ Oh , pain , ” but , in its long or short form , can be used for anything from condolence to lament :	dy
Here and there in this morass of misunderstanding , Miles treads on solid ground if one can agree with the eminent anthropologist Joseph Campbell .	dy
With all respect , that seems a highly debatable issue and one far too complex for this discussion , though we can certainly trace a diminution in the role of female divinities ( or divinity ) when we come to examine Judaism and its congeners and progeny .	dy
If there is something wrong , it behooves us to get at the roots of the problem , not to flail about wildly , for only after the source of a disease has been identified can one properly investigate its cure .	dy
The interest in man 's forebears did not become fashionable upon the publication , a few years ago , of Roots : on a far larger scale , we have been trying to discover all we can about the origins not of men but of man .	dy
Archaeology is a popular pursuit , and its manifest results not only receive considerable publicity but can be seen in museums .	dy
Charts showing the chief languages and their derivations can be found in many dictionaries — inside the front cover of The Random House Unabridged , for example .	dy
But there , as everywhere else , nothing can interfere with progress and , regardless of the finds and their importance , the archaeologist must eventually yield to the bulldozer .	dy
Notwithstanding , even the brief glimpses afforded by such investigations can provide some insight into civilizations that existed hundreds or , in some cases , thousands of years earlier .	ep
Nonetheless , it is convenient to think about the existence of a group of proto-dialects which can be referred to as Proto- Indo- European .	ep
Pottery finds can be interpreted to support either the imposition of an elite culture from Turkmenia or a late development of the Indus civilization .	ep
Nevertheless , good books on archaeology assimilable by laymen are not easy to find , and if the reader can tolerate its shortcomings and is not overly concerned about the precise birthplace of Indo- European , Archaelogy & Language provides an interesting march through the millennia of prehistory in seven - league boots .	dy
It works with a hard disk or with a set of floppies and can be used with 29 popular word - processing programs .	dy
It has a useful “ Help ” feature that can be called upon at any stage .	dy
Readers can judge for themselves the validity of this numerical legerdemain .	dy
Some are quite unique and their reporters can not imagine their origin ; others , like Penn Station , “ what one family terms a child 's misinterpretation of a famous line or phrase , ” are clear : the generic term comes from the Lord 's Prayer — “ And lead us not into Penn Station . ”	dy
They can still be found today in so - called “ gift shops . ”	dy
Those familiar with Safire 's editorial style , reflected in his political columns on the editorial pages of The N. Y. Times , may agree with me in the contention that when he writes about language he seems to be writing on his day off : I can not put my finger on why , but “ On Language ” always strikes me as an excruciating effort to be cute .	dy
Safire can not be accused of being copy - proud ( except , evidently , of awful puns , as in “ Ms . is deliberately msterious , but at least it is not deliberately msleading ” and other mscegenations ) .	dy
True , one can find different from , etc. , in an entry so headed , but for absolute constructions one is referred to an entry called “ Covered with onions , relish , and ketchup , I ate a hotdog at the ball-park . ”	dy
But that does not mean that such a square can not exist .	ep
As can be seen from the chapter headings , some of the material is trivial , but nonetheless interesting for that .	dy
