By running against Giuliani ( who has been reported in Vanity Fair to have a mistress -- he denies it -- and , by all accounts , has a sham marriage ) , the first lady could exact symbolic revenge on her philandering husband while advancing the fortunes of the Democratic party at the same time !	dy
Much of it , of course , using the standards of top newspapers , can not be used since it is largely gossip we are repeating , although it certainly could make for some very good stories .	ep
That incredible empire dominated the world and I imagine it did not seem possible to people living then that anyone could loosen that empire 's grip on humanity .	dy
Perhaps you could hasten a prediction of where this is all going .	dy
Nearly 45 percent of those asked to state the present law on abortion could not give the correct answer .	dy
There 's no question that , if they 're true , they . . . could lead to impeachment proceedings . "	ep
The Jewish National Fund 's charter was amended to mandate that Jewish land could never be resold to Arabs or opened to non- Jewish employees .	de
Because the point of viability varies , the court ruled , it could only be determined case by case and by the woman 's own doctor .	dy
Even if the fetus is viable , the court said , states could not outlaw an abortion if the woman 's life or health was at stake .	de
The court said that state laws could require a woman and her doctor to perform tests to prove that a fetus is not viable before she obtains an abortion .	de
And who could blame him ?	dy
For a long time he could only find two Yiddish words traditionally used by Jews in such circumstances : “ Oi vey . ”	dy
It is even less comprehensible how a modern researcher could accept it and have the effrontery to promulgate it .	dy
It is not entirely clear whether Campbell was commenting on Hinduism , Buddhism , etc . as they once existed , conceptually , for it is unlikely that he could have ignored the treatment of women in the modern reflexes of the cultures adhering to those religous precepts .	ep
The languages discussed here are what are usually called the Indo- European family ; similar family trees could be drawn for the Semitic languages , Sino- Tibetan , Japanese , Bantu , Malayo- Polynesian , and so on .	dy
A scaffold was built so that a rifleman — who fired a single-shot , muzzle-loading shoulder weapon — could step up and shoot over the top of the trench .	dy
As a reference work on usage , it is far from complete : The Simon and Schuster Publicity Department could have used an entry on foreword / forward ( spelt “ foreward ” in the release accompanying the review copy ) .	ep
In many entries , Claiborne labors the obvious , offering little or nothing we do not already know , could easily imagine , or for which the author offers no explanation .	dy
