Now I can buy a soda and spend money .	dy
I can write my name on the deposit slip .	dy
You can help them to know that feeling .	dy
" You can earn the money to support yourself and your family , " she says .	dy
" You can get off welfare .	dy
I know you can . . .	dy
Addressing a meeting at a neighborhood center , a Goodwill staff member tells the audience how Goodwill can help them find and keep jobs .	dy
The people who can benefit most directly from your generosity have no time to waste .	ep
With support from people like you , they can overcome their barriers and earn success and the self-sufficiency that comes with it .	dy
Please send the largest contribution you can comfortably make .	dy
Lucky attendees can go home with a great prize .	ep
Can you help support this wonderful event by furnishing any type of products or services that can be used as prizes for our activities or as a raffle prize ?	dy
Your contribution will help with funding so Jameson Camp can continue providing the year-round camping experience that gives kids a chance to create dreams .	dy
Enclosed is a form you can complete and return to us in the postage - paid envelope .	dy
Or , you can fax us at 241 - 2760 , or e-mail , icfundrzr @ aol . com .	dy
I can tell you we need your help now as much as ever before .	dy
It seems summer options are n't readily available for troubled kids whose families have limited incomes , so we 're doing all we can to make Jameson available .	dy
If you can give a little more to help meet this increased expense we would appreciate your support .	dy
In the summer of 1993 , the Marion County Commission on Youth began what can best be described as a " new era " in its history .	ep
Since its re-organization , MCCOY has established its unique niche within the community by refraining from direct service programming and focusing on what it does best : helping to identify youth needs , convening groups of individuals and organizations which can address those needs , and moving toward collaborative solutions .	dy
While we have made significant inroads , there remains much to be done and it is clear that we can not do it alone .	dy
We seek the financial support of the Foundation to help us be successful in creating the atmosphere in our community where young people can grow and develop well .	dy
It is a pivotal time in the life of a young girl - when small changes in her behavior , or the choices she makes , can affect her future .	ep
Your $ 1,000 contribution can put a mentor in a child 's life - and hope in a child 's future .	dy
By contributing $ 1,000 you can support one match for one year .	dy
You can help make positive changes in the lives of at-risk youth in central Indiana .	dy
With your help , we can change that .	dy
This year your gift can go farther !	dy
When you give to Big Sisters , you can get 50 % back !	dy
Because the ASPCA -- and the thousands of animals we help every year -- need all the friends we can get !	dy
But thousands more animals are in peril of losing their lives -- you can help the ASPCA reach out to them by returning the enclosed reply form with your gift today .	dy
We simply can not afford to let the government repeat the mistakes of the past ... and operate this deadly and uncontrolled experiment on wildlife .	dy
I can assure you that thousands of Audubon Petitions can make a difference -- just as they did in a successful battle against an adverse wetlands proposal a few years ago !	dy
I can assure you that thousands of Audubon Petitions can make a difference -- just as they did in a successful battle against an adverse wetlands proposal a few years ago !	dy
Teaching Americans -- particularly young people -- how to become better stewards of our environment is one of the best investments that you and I can make for wildlife .	dy
I ’ve had a look at the magazine ’ s upcoming subjects and I can tell you the best is yet to come .	dy
We simply can ’ t afford to lose you .	dy
Unfortunately , this practice will begin after the first snow ... this September ... when wolves will be “ ca n’t - miss ”	dy
Wolves can run fast — but they certainly ca n’t outrun airplanes .	dy
Wolves can run fast — but they certainly ca n’t outrun airplanes .	dy
The only way Alaskans can repeal the new law and reinstate the ban on same - day airborne land - and - shoot wolf killing is with a Citizens ’ Referendum .	dy
Now , I ’ m hoping I can count on your moral and financial support again today .	dy
For too many , this is a daily reality — but today you can help make a difference .	dy
The only way we can continue to provide guide dogs , at no cost , to someone who is blind or visually impaired , is through your support .	dy
I hope the Foundation can count on your caring donation today .	dy
They can relate to him and feel they have something to talk to you about . ”	dy
Your name -- and the name of The Humane Society of the United States ( HSUS ) -- are very important to the well-being of all animals because together we can prevent suffering and save lives .	dy
And with so much animal cruelty and suffering going on , I ’m sure you can understand why the work of The Humane Society of the United States is so vitally important and why we need the support of many other people , like you , to help us bring an end to animal suffering , abuse and neglect .	dy
Right now , the problems are mounting and we need all the help we can get to stop animal cruelty .	dy
And that ’s where you can help .	dy
You can be a lifesaving “ friend ”	dy
Please help us carry this message to others so that animal cruelty and abuse can be eliminated .	dy
but rather , I must ask how much you can afford to support this Animal Sanctuary Fund today ?	dy
It is a unique gift to you for taking your time to hear my vision of new safety for the world ’ s animals and my request for your hard-earned money The simple fact is we can not continue without your generous gifts .	dy
A tax-deductible gift from you now of less than a nickel a day can bring you into the ranks of the most influential and effective marine conservation organization operating today .	ep
The Center for Marine Conservation can put your membership donation to work right away to protect ocean wildlife , preserve marine habitats and prevent the marine pollution that poisons our watery planet .	dy
Your nickel a day can , when it joins the stream of other member donations , help stop water pollution at its source ... protect sea turtle nesting beaches from development ... and defend seals , dolphins , and other ocean wildlife from the threat of entanglement and drowning in fishing nets and marine debris .	ep
You can help us spread our message to protect ocean wildlife by using the enclosed labels on all your correspondence .	dy
At the same time , you ’ ll receive CMC ’ s benefit-packed New Member Welcome Kit ... a free subscription to our exciting full-color quarterly newsletter , Marine Conservation News ... more steps you can take to protect our oceans regular legislative updates and action alerts ... and an official membership card .	dy
All that for less than a nickel a day -- an amount you really can ’ t afford not to spend .	dy
And you ’ll enjoy a series of insightful stories on a variety of wildlife species stories that can ’ t be found anywhere else !	dy
Working to improve the water quality and water flow in the Florida Everglades so magnificent creatures like the gentle manatee can survive .	dy
You will be making a world of difference in helping us continue to fight for the species that can ’ t fight for themselves .	dy
This great offer is available on select sail dates from January through March 2001 , you can sail between Istanbul and Barcelona , Rome and Athens , or Athens and Istanbul .	dy
With your increased commitment , we can move forward to thwart the most serious threats to endangered ecosystems .	dy
With your increased commitment , we can intensify our campaigns to protect species that are in grave peril by both the loss of habitat and the illegal trading in animal parts .	dy
And with your increased commitment , we can battle against destructive global forces that transcend regional and national boundaries .	dy
However , I ’m confident that by joining together again , we can make exciting progress in the year ahead .	dy
Now , with your increased commitment , we can save more of our planet’s cherished wild species and their irreplaceable habitats ... as we strive to ensure a healthy and thriving future for our extraordinary natural world .	dy
