You ca n't stop every idiot from acting like one .	dy
ROLAND TEMBO A man can only hope to leave the world a better place than when he came into it .	dy
I have let loose a terrible plague upon the Earth , I can only rest when the scourge has been eradicated .	dy
ROLAND TEMBO Anything I can do , I will .	dy
Dr. Sattler , I hope you can find it in your heart to forgive me for what happened in the park .	dy
I 'm not asking you because I feel you owe me anything , quite the opposite , I am asking you to take this responsibility because you are the only three people in the world I know I can trust to make the right decisions .	dy
MELINA ORTEGA ( O.S. ) ... As you can see by the size of this impression , this is a very large creature .	dy
) As you can see behind me , the U.S. Marines have already arrived .	dy
The picture quality is n't good , but you can clearly see what can only be described as a dinosaur attacking a car .	dy
The picture quality is n't good , but you can clearly see what can only be described as a dinosaur attacking a car .	dy
We need to know everything we can about whatever this thing is .	dy
IAN MALCOLM If you 're talking about San Diego , I can assure you that this area is substantially different .	dy
GEN. HORATIO SANCHEZ You ca n't be serious .	ep
JEFFERY CLARK Well , since it looks like I 'm already in trouble , it ca n't hurt to tell you I was on Isla Sorna .	ep
We ca n't just jump to that conclusion .	de
They can make their own lysine .	dy
ALAN GRANT Then how can we stop them ?	dy
ALAN GRANT It means the animals can exist indefinitly eating non-lysine - enriched food .	dy
IAN MALCOLM You mean , whatever they can find .	dy
GEN. HORATIO SANCHEZ Mr. Clark , I ca n't in good conscience let a civillian go on his own when there are not one , but two , dangerous creatures still running amok .	de
JEFFERY CLARK I 'm hunting something a little bigger than a deer , I can tell you that .	other
We still do n't know why the Spinosaur came here , but if the relationship between the two species is the same , we can assume why the T - Rex came too .	dy
IAN MALCOLM Alan , these dinosaurs ca n't be contained .	dy
We are the only people who can protect the animals and the island .	dy
If we can contain the animals , we 'll give it a try , but my orders are to stabilize the area using any and all means necessary .	dy
If we can follow the rex , he 'll lead us right to the Spinosaurus , but it will be hard to remain inconspicuous if we follow him with an army .	dy
If we do n't have the key , we ca n't open whatever it is we do n't have that it unlocks .	dy
He ca n't be here .	ep
I can honestly say I 'm glad to see you !	dy
ELIZABETH SWANN : I expect then that we can come to some sort of understanding .	dy
PINTEL : You know you ca n't read .	dy
# # # [ cannibal drums sound ] RAGETTI : Suppose we be ' er ... save it as soon as we can .	dy
WILL TURNER : Well , we ca n't just sit here and wait then , can we ?	dy
WILL TURNER : Well , we ca n't just sit here and wait then , can we ?	dy
QUARTERMASTER : The ... female presence ... amongst us , yes ... all the men ... they can feel it .	dy
I can offer you ... an escape - uh .	dy
But I wonder , Sparrow , can you live with this ?	dy
BURSAR : That 's seaweed . QUARTERMASTER : S - Seaweed can be a sign .	ep
I ca n't help it if your standards are lax .	dy
WILL TURNER : So any crewman can be challenged ?	de
You can still walk away .	de
Edinburgh Trader BELLAMY : Strange thing to come upon a longboat so far out in open waters . WILL TURNER : Just put as many leagues behind us as you can . As fast as you can .	dy
Edinburgh Trader BELLAMY : Strange thing to come upon a longboat so far out in open waters . WILL TURNER : Just put as many leagues behind us as you can . As fast as you can .	dy
RAGETTI : It 's a mythological creature , I can calls it what I wants .	de
] PINTEL : " Mind the tide . " RAGETTI : I can / may join the circus !	dy
] NORRINGTON : I ca n't let you do that , either .	de
If we can outrun her , we can take her .	dy
If we can outrun her , we can take her .	dy
JACK SPARROW : Why fight when you can negotiate ?	dy
We can get away as it takes down the Pearl .	dy
. MACCUS : Turns out not even Jack Sparrow can best the devil .	dy
