The sanctions can not be lifted until U. N. inspectors certify that Iraq has eliminated its weapons of mass destruction and the means to produce them .	de
" It was very , very important " to compel Iraq to rid itself of weapons of mass destruction so that " it can not use or export them to other countries , " he told Associated Press Television News .	dy
But he insisted the international community can do a much better job in helping Iraq deal with its economic and health problems .	dy
Floyd can be a free agent after this season , and Minaya decided it would be more prudent to trade him and get value in return than have to settle for a draft choice or two as compensation when he signed with another team as a free agent .	dy
Students learn automotive intricacies and can earn a a high school equivalency diploma .	dy
Thanks to Starke 's vision , leadership and fund-raising , they can do it all free .	dy
" It shows if you have the will and the dedication here you can learn a lot and be something .	dy
It can open doors to opportunity .	ep
But it is also an expression of confidence by the company that it can remain a technology leader in the highly competitive global semiconductor industry , and a commitment that the best place to execute that strategy is in upstate New York .	dy
But he said promotional material such as posters and CD - ROMs can be " embarrassing . "	ep
BY KAROLA SAEKEL c . 2002 The San Francisco Chronicle SAN FRANCISCO - - A staple of Chinese and Indian cooking , these gourds ( botanically , Momordica charantia ) with skin like toads grow on climbing vines that can reach 12 feet .	ep
SEASON Bitter melons can be found in Asian and specialty produce markets primarily from spring through late fall .	dy
She is in the most active of the four levels available , but should the need arise , she can move on to assisted living facilities within the same complex .	dy
So she can once again go shopping , buying whatever seems best on any given day .	dy
" We have seen that raising consumer awareness and concern among restaurants and retailers about a particular fishery can really make a difference . "	ep
She can be contacted at michellecole ( at ) news . oregonian . com . )	dy
In a field that has struggled long and hard to prove that mind , mood and behavior can be studied empirically , the past decade , Davison says , has seen " exciting developments "	dy
Between 1991 and 1997 , a U.S. Department of Defense psychopharmacology demonstration project involving two to four years ' training produced 10 military psychologists who can write prescriptions .	de
The rights , which expire Nov . 21 , can be exercised for $ 100 each .	dy
Any secret can be pirated , the experts said , if it is transmitted over the air .	dy
Even rank amateurs can do it if they spend a few thousand dollars for a commercially available microwave receiver with amplifier and a VCR recorder .	dy
" You can have a dozen competitors stealing your secrets at the same time , " Mr . Matchett said , adding : " It 's a pretty good bet they wo n't get caught . "	ep
" If the cartel succeeds in blackmailing the Colombian authorities into negotiations , the cartel will be in control and Fidel can exploit his past relationships with them , " he told the Journal 's David Asman recently .	dy
