The U. S. government says it wants to ensure that Iraq is not buying items that appear to be humanitarian in nature but that could be used for making weapons .	ep
In its letter , which was signed by all six members , the panel wrote that it was " troubled by incongruities , inconsistencies and conflicts , particularly concerning actions taken by you which were or could have been of potential benefit to Chang . "	ep
According to a government official involved in the inquiry , the information reviewed by the Ethics Committee also included an analysis by federal investigators showing that during the period in which Chang claimed to have made numerous cash payments to Torricelli , the senator spent thousands of dollars more in cash than investigators could account for from his bank withdrawals and other known sources of income .	dy
some of which could go to Indonesia .	ep
And from the beginning I could see that it was all about jobs .	dy
I could see that you needed the private sector involved . "	dy
Starke could see that in many instances these were cases of lost dignity .	dy
He earned a physics degree from Columbia , became a Redskin , studied drama , worked in sports broadcasting , opened a Washington restaurant and built his own home here when he thought he might become a developer , " just so I could know how the business worked from the ground up , "	dy
" I saw a lot of kids and young men out there with no dads and no structure who could n't read and some of them were beginning to realize that there is no growing old as a crack dealer -- you either die or go to jail , "	dy
His arrest in Manhattan , after attempting to sell the coin for $1.5 million , led to a court battle over whether -- thanks to the Treasury 's mistaken export permission in 1944 -- the coin could be legally owned .	de
In court documents , the government noted that Chang could not be trusted .	dy
6 . After evaluating the extensive body of evidence before it and your testimony , the committee is troubled by incongruities , inconsistencies and conflicts , particularly concerning actions taken by you which were or could have been of potential benefit to Mr. Chang .	ep
The court , vacating Nelson 's death sentence for the second time , ruled on two grounds : that the jury could have been confused by instructions on the verdict sheet and that the prosecutor made improper accusations in his closing argument .	ep
At this point , planners have focused on short-term repair of PATH and subway lines , with medium-range proposals being shopped in Washington that could untangle the disorganized web of subway lines downtown .	dy
- - It 's because of Molina : The Angels felt they could part with Fabregas because of the play of catcher Jose Molina .	dy
Infielder Jose Nieves is likely to be sent down , but since he is out of options , he would have to clear waivers before he could join Triple - A Salt Lake .	de
The second mobster expressed satisfaction with the outcome of the competition and suggested that Tokhtakhounov could call the ice dancer 's " mother or the father and tell them everything will be OK "	ep
He could hardly go wrong .	ep
He was tracking down men to join a group so secret he could n't admit it existed .	de
And the first person he chose to join him was Karnes , though he could n't reveal the mission to Karnes .	de
Tibbets was a decorated , top - gun pilot , but Karnes could wrangle the military rule book as well as Tibbets could fly .	dy
Tibbets was a decorated , top - gun pilot , but Karnes could wrangle the military rule book as well as Tibbets could fly .	dy
was the most Karnes could ever get out of Tibbets on matters of the bomb .	dy
Karnes had his own Jeep , and went to the beach and to evening movies shown by other units as often as he could .	dy
Two other B - 29 s left in two - minute intervals after Tibbets so their crews could take photos and drop devices to measure radiation and other effects of the bomb .	dy
He pushed off the dark glasses because he could n't see to fly .	dy
Neither they nor Mr. McAlpine could be reached for comment .	dy
Neither Equus nor Tony Lama gave a reason for the changed offer and Tony Lama could n't be reached for comment .	dy
Upjohn officials said they could n't estimate the size of the charge until they determine which employees , and how many , will participate in the retirement plan .	dy
The program , available to Upjohn employees 55 years old or older , could increase an individual 's retirement benefits 10 % to 20 % .	ep
