During his four days in Iraq , Hall said he wanted to investigate reports from relief agencies that a quarter of Iraqi children may be suffering from chronic malnutrition .	ep
The United States once distanced itself from Mahathir for strong-arm tactics with political rivals , and human rights groups criticize him for arresting and jailing scores of suspected militants , including some who may be linked to al- Qaida , without trial .	ep
Customers who want access to Microsoft desktop e-mail , documents and calendar information may prefer Microsoft 's wireless technology .	ep
Their concern for lining up more votes than they thought the Italian ice dancers had may stem from the Italian team 's defeat of Anissina and Peizerat in the 2001 world championships .	ep
That Russian organized crime may have infiltrated international sport at the Olympics stunned Phyllis Howard , president of the U.S. Figure Skating Association .	ep
That may well be the best-known kitchen in America , since it became the site of the " French Chef " television programs , which started airing in 1962 .	ep
The question may be most acute for three San Francisco chefs preparing the long sold - out dinner at Fifth Floor restaurant , because the honoree herself plans to be there .	ep
But more than 32,000 tons may have been taken illegally from those same waters , the fisheries service said .	ep
With prescription privileges now a reality in one state , some RxP opponents concede that it may be too late .	ep
The move boosts Intelogic Chairman Asher Edelman 's stake to 20 % from 16.2 % and may help prevent Martin Ackerman from making a run at the computer - services concern .	ep
The loan may be extended by the McAlpine group for an additional year with an increase in the conversion price to $ 2.50 a share .	ep
Upjohn further estimated that about 50 % of the employees who leave for early retirement may be replaced .	ep
It " may well be " that theft of business data is " as serious a strategic threat to national security " as it is a threat to the survival of victimized U. S. firms , said Michelle Van Cleave , the White House 's assistant director for National Security Affairs .	ep
Even though electronic espionage may cost U. S. firms billions of dollars a year , most are n't yet taking precautions , the experts said .	ep
Noriega is close to Castro and may once have been his agent .	ep
