Daniel Dennett , in his fine book Darwin 's Dangerous Idea , advances a hierarchy of forms of " knowing , " if I may use that term , that have arisen in evolution by Darwinian means .	de
I suppose I am naively driven to consider that the biosphere , with its urgent diversity in which , emboldened by all our know-how , we do get on with a very rich conversation , may very early already have harbored all the levels of which Dennett speaks .	ep
Slapstick comedy may have started a long time ago .	ep
Without attributing consciousness to an E. coli , or an autonomous agent we may create in the near future , I can not help but feel that the rudiments of value are present once autonomous agents are around .	ep
Faults may be lateral faults that displace or offset the channel ( Figure 2.1 A ) without vertical displacement .	ep
Faults with vertical displacement may have the uplifted block upstream of the fault with the result that gradient is steepened ( Figure 2.1 B ) .	ep
Pairs of faults may produce uplifted ( horst ) or downdropped blocks ( graben ) that will both steepen and reduce gradient ( Figure 2.1 D , E ) .	ep
In addition to all of these structural features , the entire valley may be tilted upstream or downstream or the tilting may be across the valley toward either side of the floodplain ( Figure 2.1 J , K , L ) .	ep
In addition to all of these structural features , the entire valley may be tilted upstream or downstream or the tilting may be across the valley toward either side of the floodplain ( Figure 2.1 J , K , L ) .	ep
Even small displacements may be sufficient to induce aggradation or degradation of large streams .	ep
With only small quantities of bed load , this type of channel may have the highest sinuosity of all ( Patterns 12 and 13 ) .	ep
Rivers may undergo a metamorphosis during which the channel morphology changes completely .	ep
Therefore , the change from one type of channel pattern to another may be relatively common , as the nature of the sediment moved through the system changes and this may be the effect of tributary sediment contributions , or upstream degradation or aggradation or tectonics .	ep
Therefore , the change from one type of channel pattern to another may be relatively common , as the nature of the sediment moved through the system changes and this may be the effect of tributary sediment contributions , or upstream degradation or aggradation or tectonics .	ep
The first geomorphic clues of active tectonics may be tectonic landforms that result from long - continued deformation such as modified drainage networks and deformed sets of terraces .	ep
An uplift may also deflect portions of the drainage from the general direction of the regional slope ( Figure 2.6 ) .	ep
They may be isolated , but they are more frequently clustered in a specific area , or they are aligned along specific trends .	ep
Isolated lakes are generally due to local events such as landslides or collapses , which form a dam , but clustered lakes are due to regional processes , which may be related to climate ( or paleoclimate ) , neotectonic deformation , or frequently a combination of these processes .	ep
Large lakes may occupy geological basins , and active tectonics is partly or totally involved in their formation .	ep
However , sediment loads may be greater after channel incision and less after aggradation .	ep
Therefore , channel pattern change may only absorb part of a valley slope or baselevel change .	ep
Tectonic activity may change the slope of the valley floor and have its effect on the channel pattern ( Adams , 1980 ) .	ep
In addition , a high - sediment - transporting tributary may build a fan - like deposit in the valley , which will persist even after the tributary sediment load has decreased .	ep
It is important to realize that channels that lie near a pattern threshold ( Figure 2.3 ) may change their characteristics dramatically with only a slight change in the controlling variable .	ep
NULL Figure 2.14 Reaches of degradation and aggradation associated with uplift and faulting . Although pattern changes may dominate river response , deposition in reaches of reduced gradient is likely as is channel incision and bank erosion in reaches of steepened gradient ( Figure 2.14 ) .	ep
For example , as meanders shift downvalley , their movement may be retarded if more resistant alluvium or bedrock is encountered ( Jin and Schumm , 1987 ) .	ep
Hence , a fault may present a barrier with the result that upstream meanders are compressed and deformed ( Figure 2.15 ) .	ep
Therefore , it may be difficult to determine the cause of channel change when , in fact , human activities have been changing both discharge and sediment load during historic time .	ep
Nevertheless , anomalous reaches that are not related to artificial controls , tributary influences , lithologic change , or paleotectonics may reasonably be assumed to be the result of active tectonics until proved otherwise .	de
