I hope my definition of an autonomous agent is useful , an autocatalytic system carrying out a work cycle , now rather broadened by the realization that autonomous agents also do often detect and measure and record displacements of external systems from equilibrium that can be used to extract work , then do extract work , propagating work and constraint construction , from their environment .	dy
Perhaps higher primates who are trained to manipulate simple symbols with apparent reference to the world also can " know that " with respect to propositions .	dy
It knows how all right , even if it can not talk about how it gets on with its business .	dy
But can chemical signals in bacterial and plant and human communities be arbitrary from a chemical causal point of view ?	ep
If so , can " mere chemicals " be signs in the full Piercean sense ?	ep
I believe it is clear that mere chemistry in an autonomous agent can harbor symbols and signs in the full senses of the words .	ep
Both of these can be altered without altering the anticodon - codon matching mechanism .	dy
I can not buy Shannon 's view unless the decoder is an autonomous agent .	dy
I will return in the next chapter to discuss such stories , for I will say that we can not prestate the configuration space of a biosphere and , therefore , can not deduce that which will unfold .	dy
I will return in the next chapter to discuss such stories , for I will say that we can not prestate the configuration space of a biosphere and , therefore , can not deduce that which will unfold .	dy
I too know the risks , including the common claim that we can always in principle translate from " intentional talk " to the fully predictive causal account of the events in question .	dy
Not only are we unable to prestate the configuration space of a biosphere and predict what will unfold , but we also can not even translate i n the sense of necessary and sucient conditions from legal talk to normal intentional talk , let alone from legal talk of Henderson found guilty of murder to a physical talk about sound - wave forms monitored and masses at space - time lines as a description .	dy
After all , I began by stating that a bacterium swimming upstream in the glucose gradient was acting on its own behalf in an environment , defined an autonomous agent as a physical system able to act on its own behalf , then asked what a physical system must be such that it can act on its own behalf .	dy
Now , five chapters later , it is hardly an independent deduction that autonomous agents are the proposed organization of matter , energy , and organization to which purposes can be ascribed in the sense of being able to act on their own behalf .	dy
Here , in Investigations , I am trying to point at the mysterious but utterly natural hopefulness in which an increasing diversity of broken symmetries in the universe creates the diversity of structures and processes that can constitute and identify ramified and ramifying sources of energy , detect those sources of energy , create devices and processes that couple to those sources of energy , and generate yet more diversity that propagates macroscopic order even further .	dy
Indeed , aplysia can learn very simple conditioned stimuli t he later analogue is the bell causing the dog to salivate in " expectation " of food .	dy
Popperian creatures , in D ennett ' s fine phrase , have " internal models " of their world and can " run the internal model " with the clutch disengaged , rather than running the model in real time in the real world .	dy
Who can say ?	dy
This is not yet the association of a more or less arbitrary conditioned stimulus with an unconditioned stimulus , but I can imagine chemistry to accomplish the latter .	dy
But this series is likely to form feedback loops because the first and third antibody can often both bind to the same site on the second antibody , hence , the first and third antibodies are similar shapes in shape space .	dy
Why can not the molecular-sensing and hypothesis-testing churning concerns of the bacterium as it senses a paramecium churn twenty cycles before kicking in the rotary motor , or not , such that the wee bacterium hides under a boulder of a grain of sand until the beast passes by ?	dy
Even here , the free and open creating of new symbol strings in a language , wherever new sentences can be created , is not that fundamentally dierent from the persistent open creation of new kinds of molecules in the biosphere as a whole .	dy
H ume told us long ago about the " naturalistic fallacy " : One can not deduce " ought " from " is . "	dy
From the fact that mothers care for their young , we can not deduce that they ought to do so , H ume argued .	dy
From the fact that H itler set out to conquer E urope and more and to kill Jewry , we can not deduce that he ought to have done so .	dy
You citizens across the globe can argue the ethics .	de
Without attributing consciousness to an E. coli , or an autonomous agent we may create in the near future , I can not help but feel that the rudiments of value are present once autonomous agents are around .	dy
We can not deduce ought from is in any concrete context , but I think we have the categories of ought and is in the physical universe once we have autonomous agents .	dy
Before specific examples of syntectonic impacts on alluvial rivers can be discussed , a brief review of types of tectonic activity , types of rivers , and river response will be presented .	dy
The surficial movements in an alluvial valley can take different forms , as illustrated in Figure 2.1 .	dy
The displacement can be seismic and associated with earthquakes and abrupt faulting , or it can be aseismic with progressive tilting and warping of the valley floor .	ep
The displacement can be seismic and associated with earthquakes and abrupt faulting , or it can be aseismic with progressive tilting and warping of the valley floor .	ep
Wallace ( 1968 ) mentioned that even a few inches of vertical upthrow along the downstream side of a fault can produce a dam across a small stream , which can divert its course .	ep
Wallace ( 1968 ) mentioned that even a few inches of vertical upthrow along the downstream side of a fault can produce a dam across a small stream , which can divert its course .	ep
Figure 2.1 shows only simple , but exaggerated cases , whereas actual displacements can be more complicated .	ep
For example , faults can take any angle from parallel to perpendicular to river flow direction .	ep
Fault displacements of the surface at the time of an earthquake are obvious , and its influence on alluvial rivers can be observed .	dy
While fault displacements are obvious , movements of the land surface by folding can be slow .	ep
However , this type of deformation can also be an important influence on river behavior .	ep
For example , concentration of erosion along only one river bank can be the result of lateral tilt ( Jefferson , 1907 ; Nanson , 1980 a ; Leeder and Alexander , 1987 ) .	ep
It is apparent that different types of alluvial channels will respond differently to deformation ; therefore , their characteristics must be reviewed before their response can be evaluated .	dy
This can best be done by discussing a simple classification of alluvial channels that is based on type of sediment load and pattern .	dy
NULL Figure 2.2 Channel classification based on pattern and type of sediment load with associated variables and relative stability indicated ( Schumm , 1981 ) . Alluvial rivers that transport clay , silt , sand , and gravel , can be placed within these three general categories .	ep
NULL Figure 2.3 Relation between flume slope and sinuosity during experiments at constant water discharge . Sediment load , stream power , velocity increase with flume slope and a similar relation can be developed with these variables ( from Schumm and Khan , 1972 ) .	dy
These five basic bed - load channel patterns can be extended to mixed - load and suspended - load channels to produce 13 river patterns ( Figure 2.4 ) .	dy
The different bed - load channel patterns ( Figure 2.4 ) can be described as follows : Pattern 1 , straight , essentially equal - width channel with migrating sand waves .	ep
The large alternate bars or point bars have been dissected by chutes , but a meandering thalweg can be identified .	dy
The channel segments can be straight , meandering , or braided , and they appear to span the range of channel types .	ep
Reduced gradient from whatever cause appears to be important , and therefore , anastomosing reaches of a river can be evidence of tectonic activity .	ep
Local variations in regional surface slope can cause anomalous drainage patterns .	ep
This can cause portions of the drainage pattern to develop in a direction opposite to that of the drainage network .	ep
Lakes are temporary features in terms of geological time , but they can be clear evidence of deformation .	ep
Such lakes act as drainage collectors and they can occupy various elevations .	ep
A continental rift generates tilt of the side blocks in opposite directions and the progressive tilting of the earth ’ s surface can significantly modify the gradient of rivers .	ep
Only a downward motion of the area where the lake is observed can explain the phenomenon .	dy
Not only are terraces deformed , but as an uplift is crossed , a floodplain can be converted to a low terrace .	dy
Tectonic activity can significantly control river patterns and behavior , and this is especially true of alluvial rivers .	dy
Neef ( 1966 ) and Radulescu ( 1962 ) state that neotectonic movements can be reflected only in those geomorphic features that react to the smallest changes of slope , such as meander characteristics .	dy
Baselevel changes can also resemble the effects of active tectonics , and can provide information on channel change .	ep
Baselevel changes can also resemble the effects of active tectonics , and can provide information on channel change .	ep
It has been demonstrated that rivers can respond to major changes of water and sediment load primarily by pattern changes ( Schumm , 1968 ) , and that much of the pattern variability of large alluvial rivers such as the Mississippi , Indus , and Nile , reflect the variability of the valley slope ( Schumm et al. , 1994 ; Jorgensen et al. , 1993 ; Schumm and Galay , 1994 ) .	dy
If the channel is not confined laterally , it can adjust to the increased valley slope ( F–D ) by increasing sinuosity to 2.0 , and the channel profile is extended to H.	dy
However , because the stream can adjust , the steepening of the valley floor will not result in a change of stream gradient .	dy
The probability that a large river can adjust in this fashion is made more likely by the fact that the baselevel changes in nature will take place relatively slowly and not abruptly , unlike during the experimental studies .	dy
Changes of valley - floor gradient provide an explanation of downstream pattern variations , but variations of valley - floor slope can be the result of several influences .	ep
For example , deposition upstream from the axis of a dome can progress further upstream by backfilling beyond the area of active deformation ( Figure 2.14 ) .	dy
Lakes can also provide information on subsidence , and ria lakes can be evidence of tilting or even hydrologic and climatic influences .	ep
Lakes can also provide information on subsidence , and ria lakes can be evidence of tilting or even hydrologic and climatic influences .	ep
