This suggests that the development of future guidelines should take YHL or other measures of quality of life into account .	de
The fact that weight is not associated in a consistent way with health suggests that such evaluations should be considered critically when older adults are the subjects .	de
Future efforts to determine desirable weight guidelines should include measures of YHL .	de
That no harm resulted from this aggressive treatment strategy should allay theoretical fears and by doing so remove a major obstacle to the inpatient initiation of lipid-lowing therapy after coronary events .	ep
Future secondary prevention studies should look at patients with stable or unstable disease and will need to address the comparative efficacy of different statins ( or newer agents ) , assess the incremental benefit of combination therapy [ 30 ] and determine whether there is a serum cholesterol ' floor ' below which reductions are unlikely to provide further clinical benefit .	de
Other authors had proposed that SS associated with PBC should be considered a form of secondary SS that resembles more the " sicca complex " with exocrine features seen in patients with rheumatoid arthritis [ 40 41 ] .	de
Based on the results of this study , we consider that an evaluation for clinical and serological evidence of liver disease should be done in every patient with 1 ° SS , particularly if there is evidence of other non-exocrine complications or serological evidence of systemic inflammation .	de
Kofi Annan , the Secretary- General of the United Nations , recently called attention to the clear inequalities in science between developing and developed countries and to the challenges of building bridges across these gaps that should bring the United Nations and the world scientific community closer to each other ( Annan 2003 ) .	de
The positive trends in scientific productivity in Latin America should not be misinterpreted as a reason to be unconcerned about the existing gap highlighted by Mr. Annan .	de
