A clinical trial of a treatment to help underweight women achieve normal weight ( presumably by addressing the underlying cause ) could be expected to have 80 % power with N = ( 1.96 + .84 ) 2/.29 2 = about 93 women per treatment arm , if 7 - year YHL were the outcome measure .	ep
Thus , an intervention to improve the health of underweight women to that of their normal weight peers could be performed using either YHL or YOL as the outcome variable .	ep
Trials to make obese women comparable to normal women could be evaluated using YHL , but not YOL .	dy
In Figure 1 , the overweight ( as opposed to the obese ) are no different from those of normal weight , suggesting that these two categories could be combined for older adults .	ep
Based on these findings , trials to address obesity in older women could be efficient if YHL ( but not YOL ) was the outcome measure .	ep
Clinical trials whose objective was to make the underweight as healthy as their normal-weight peers ( presumably by addressing the underlying conditions that caused the low weight ) could be performed efficiently using either YOL or YHL as the outcome measure .	other
As it is known that the A and g tensors derived from the EPR spectrum of bound VO 2 + are a direct measure of the nature of the equatorial metal ligands [ 24 ] , binding of VO 2 + to CD39 could provide details about the catalytic mechanism of CD39 .	dy
None of the patients with abnormal liver function tests had clinical evidence of muscle involvement that could explain the high levels of amino-transferases .	dy
The true prevalence could be even higher since liver enzyme profiles were not done in all patients .	ep
While we could not find an association between use of NSAIDS or other medications and prevalence of liver function tests abnormalities , the study design did not allow us to exclude the possibility of over-the-counter ( OTC ) medication use that could have affected LFT 's measurement .	dy
While we could not find an association between use of NSAIDS or other medications and prevalence of liver function tests abnormalities , the study design did not allow us to exclude the possibility of over-the-counter ( OTC ) medication use that could have affected LFT 's measurement .	ep
However , given that most patients had persistent rather than intermittent abnormalities of LFTs and that the use of hepatotoxic drugs was not elicited in the majority of patients with liver abnormalities , a toxic effect of medications could not be established .	dy
In fact , Albornoz ( 2001 ) concluded that , as a group , Latin America could afford to invest a much higher proportion of its resources in scientific research and development .	dy
This pattern could be the result of a variety of factors , none of which are mutually exclusive .	ep
In contrast , the decreasing trends in the number of publications per investment dollar in Canada and United States could reflect a trend towards more costly research in larger scientific programs .	ep
Similar findings were also reported for Asia ( Swinbanks et al. 1997 ) and thus could be a general phenomenon in the developing world .	ep
Many scientific problems could be solved much more readily with the cooperation and scientific insight of scientists from developing regions .	ep
It also points to risk factors that are particularly prevalent among specific populations and age groups , and for which highly targeted interventions could be effective .	ep
This capacity to produce both inflammatory and fibrotic factors could mean that phenotypically altered lung fibroblasts act simultaneously as effector and target cells , via paracrine and autocrine mechanisms , perpetuating the fibrotic process [ 2 ] .	ep
Because of these findings and the fact that PGs are important fibroblast regulators , we sought to investigate whether abnormalities in COX-2 expression could be associated with an altered balance between profibrotic and antifibrotic PGs .	ep
This phenotypical abnormality could be an important factor in the pathogenesis of IPF .	ep
HF-NL were cultured from five human lungs that arrived at our transplant center with the intention of being used for transplantation , but for various reasons could not be transplanted ; these were macroscopically and microscopically normal .	dy
The above results suggest that a decreased PGI 2 : TXA 2 ratio could be a phenotypic alteration present in IPF fibroblasts , resulting in a loss of their capacity to autoregulate proliferation and extracellular matrix production .	ep
These effects may counteract the profibrotic effects seen with TXA 2 and it is possible that an alteration of a " normal " physiologic balance between PGI 2 and TXA 2 could increase tendency towards fibrogenesis .	ep
It is possible that the difference seen in our study between HF-IPF and HF-NL could result from comparing fibroblasts of different ages .	ep
