It may be that a small amount of gradual weight gain is normative and associated with the most robust health as we age .	ep
In older adults , risk factors may have a greater effect on health than on mortality .	ep
, controlling inappropriately for factors ( such as diabetes ) which may have been causally affected by the person 's weight .	ep
Since future improvements in life expectancy may be limited [ 32 ] , the greatest advances may be made by improving people 's YHL .	ep
Since future improvements in life expectancy may be limited [ 32 ] , the greatest advances may be made by improving people 's YHL .	ep
This is particularly important in the light of recent findings , which found that interventions such as weight-loss drugs may be harmful [ 33 34 ] .	ep
We found associations between YHL and obesity that were not present in the mortality analysis , suggesting that YHL may be a more sensitive measure of the burden of obesity in older adults , especially for women .	ep
And , while clinical trial safety endpoints may be considered less glamorous , MIRACL 's most important contribution may have been that high-dose statin therapy was not associated with serious harm , despite its use in the unstable setting .	ep
And , while clinical trial safety endpoints may be considered less glamorous , MIRACL 's most important contribution may have been that high-dose statin therapy was not associated with serious harm , despite its use in the unstable setting .	ep
Furthermore , while the number of patients lost to follow up was small , if adverse events had occurred in those treated with atorvastatin ( n = 3 ) but not placebo ( n = 8 ) , the overall trial results may have been neutral rather than positive .	ep
There were also a number of limitations that may have hampered the study 's generalizability .	ep
Fourth , it may not be possible to ascertain whether these findings apply to all patients with recent acute coronary syndromes regardless of baseline lipid levels .	ep
Finally , although lipid levels may be unreliable in the setting of an acute coronary syndrome ( excepting total : HDL and LDL : HDL cholesterol ratios [ 22 ] ) the overwhelming majority of patients with coronary disease will ultimately require both pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic lipid-lowering interventions to attain recommended cholesterol targets [ 23 24 25 ] ; newer guidelines are even more stringent [ 26 ] .	ep
Furthermore , data from the recently presented Heart Protection Study suggest that clinical benefits may accrue independent of baseline cholesterol level [ 4 ] .	ep
These additional mechanisms of Gad 1 regulation may control the production of GAD proteins and the synthesis of GABA in the non-neural cell types detected in our study .	ep
Although no other diagnosis explaining liver disease may be found , the disorders for which treatment might be beneficial ( e.g. immunosuppressants for autoimmune hepatitis , interferon-alpha for viral hepatitis , ursodeoxycolic acid for primary biliary cirrhosis ) warrant a diligent search in all cases of 1 ° SS with abnormal liver function .	ep
International cooperation resulting in more scientific collaborations among scientists in Latin America , Europe , and the United States may also have increased the relative number of publications in Latin America .	ep
Although there may still be a long road to travel , we feel optimistic that the bridges mentioned by Mr. Annan are slowly being built .	ep
There is a much - quoted saying , attributed to the epidemiologist Geoffrey Rose : “ A large number of people exposed to a small risk may generate many more cases than a small number exposed to a very high risk .	ep
In addition , activated lung fibroblasts have been shown to produce large amounts of inflammatory cytokines and chemokines , in vitro , and hence , these cells may also have a role as effector - inflammatory cells [ 1 2 ] .	ep
These effects may counteract the profibrotic effects seen with TXA 2 and it is possible that an alteration of a " normal " physiologic balance between PGI 2 and TXA 2 could increase tendency towards fibrogenesis .	ep
We believe that differences in methodology and patient selection may explain the discrepancies with other studies .	ep
Hence , the pathway involved in the induction of the COX-2 gene by IL-1β and TGFβ may be different .	ep
There is a possibility that patient selection may have differed between the two studies .	ep
We hypothesize that the lower PGI 2 : TXA 2 ratio seen in HF-IPF may be a phenotypic alteration that plays a role in the pathogenesis of IPF .	ep
