First and foremost , the possibility of a null treatment effect can not be ignored given the wide confidence intervals ( and hence marginally significant p value of 0.048 ) for the effect of atorvastatin on the primary efficacy endpoint .	de
The question of whether statins can prevent these and other adverse events when initiated soon after an acute coronary syndrome will require further study .	dy
Consequently , it remains uncertain whether one can extrapolate the MIRACL trial results to those who undergo coronary revascularization shortly before or after a coronary event , who present with a Q- wave myocardial infarction , who are treated with platelet glycoprotein IIb / IIIa inhibitors , or who have relatively low admission LDL cholesterol levels .	dy
This result indicates that VO 2 + can functionally substitute for Ca 2 + as cofactor for sCD39 nucleotidase activity .	dy
There are two sets of equatorial ligands that can fit well the EPR species D1 according to Eq 1 ( Table 2 ) .	ep
It is not surprising that VO 2 + can functionally replace Ca 2 + in the hydrolysis of both ATP and ADP by soluble CD39 , although the enzymatic activity is about 25 % of that with Ca 2 + as the cofactor , since F 1 - ATPase also hydrolyzes ATP at a decreased rate when VO 2 + replaces Mg 2 + [ 21 ] .	dy
The g and A tensors derived from species T are 1.9410 and 504.25 MHz respectively , which can be fitted best with one amino group and three groups combined from carboxyl and phosphate groups as the equatorial ligands of the bound VO 2 + on sCD39 .	ep
VO 2 + can functionally substitute for Ca 2 + as a cofactor for sCD39 .	dy
Early in CNS development , GABA can modulate neuron progenitor proliferation as well as neuron migration , survival and differentiation [ 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 , 11 , 12 , 13 , 14 ] .	dy
Previous studies have shown that Gad 1 can be regulated at the post-transcriptional and translational level .	dy
Gad 1 mRNA translation or protein stability can be regulated in mature neurons by the level of GABA [ 30 , 31 ] .	dy
This alternate embryonic transcript inserts a stop codon into the Gad 1 mRNA and can produce the truncated proteins , GAD 25 and GAD 44 , from its 5 ' ; and 3 ' ends respectively .	dy
The studies reported here used a probe that will detect the adult Gad 1 mRNA that encodes GAD 67 as well as the embryonic alternatively spliced mRNA that can encode GAD 25 and GAD 44 .	dy
While 1 ° SS is typically considered an autoimmune exocrinopathy , the immune destruction can often extend to affect non-exocrine organs .	ep
Around 25 % of patients with 1 ° SS can present with involvement of other organs such as the thyroid , central nervous system , lungs , kidney and liver .	dy
There are now examples in which research on priority areas for the developing nations can actually become pioneering work in areas neglected by the research agenda of the industrialized world .	ep
These examples are important not only for those regions of the developing world , but are also in themselves scientific innovations that can greatly advance the knowledge of the rest of the world .	dy
The extremely high scientific productivity of many developing nations , corrected for and despite the rather limited availability of funds , suggests that increased funding to the sciences will be an excellent investment by developing nations in terms of publications as a measure of scientific output , particularly if these publications can target the journals that have the greatest impact .	dy
Prostaglandin ( PG ) E 2 is thought to have antifibrotic properties in vitro , but also can have proinflammatory effects both in vivo and in vitro [ 10 11 12 ] .	ep
Many cell types , including lung fibroblasts , contain cyclooxygenase ( COX ) , a proximal enzyme in prostanoid production , and can generate prostanoids [ 19 ] .	dy
PGE 2 can decrease fibroblast proliferation and collagen synthesis , and increase collagen degradation [ 5 6 7 8 ] .	dy
