The growth that has characterized Las Vegas for nearly a century may be facing a roadblock .	ep
It ’s anyone ’ s guess what may happen in the future , but for now Hong Kong bristles with energy and ambition , and for the visitor , this beautiful city with its contrasts and variety is an exhilarating experience .	ep
Be aware that name brands , including electronics , are sometimes fakes , glass may be sold as jade , and that antique you bought may have been made last night .	ep
Be aware that name brands , including electronics , are sometimes fakes , glass may be sold as jade , and that antique you bought may have been made last night .	ep
If , after concluding a deal , you try to pay with a credit card , he may then boost the price in order to cover the card charges .	ep
Note that because of the duty-free situation , good bargains may be found in European china , including Spode and Wedgwood .	ep
Real jade is extremely expensive , and you may be offered counterfeit jade , which looks exactly like the genuine article .	ep
Whatever you buy , you may be able to work out a discount .	ep
Although the music may seem strange to the unaccustomed ear , it certainly won ’ t put you to sleep ; cymbals and drums guarantee your alertness .	ep
Note that sometimes there is a cover charge of HK $ 50 to HK $ 200 at clubs , which may or may not include a couple of drinks .	ep
Note that sometimes there is a cover charge of HK $ 50 to HK $ 200 at clubs , which may or may not include a couple of drinks .	ep
However , on sunny Saturdays and Sundays you may have to brave a crowd lining up at the lower terminal .	ep
The boats may appear deceptively primitive , but many of them have their own electric generators and all the modern conveniences .	ep
A half - hour tour costs HK $ 50 ; pay at the end , or the driver may cut your trip short .	ep
The food may not live up to expectations , but the fantasy environment makes up for it .	ep
Chek Lap Kok airport sits on reclaimed land just off Lantau ; plans to build a bridge may change Lantau , but at present it is sparsely populated and makes a perfect getaway .	ep
Visitors are welcome to visit the 24 - hectare ( 60 - acre ) establishment , and may sample the end product , Lantau tea .	de
Luís Vaz de Camões ( 1524 – 1580 ) , the Portuguese national poet whose work immortalized that country ’ s golden age of discoveries , may have stayed in Macau .	ep
It seems that the picturesque older sections with their old houses , narrow streets , and winding alleyways may not be around much longer .	ep
Arriving in Guangzhou There are many package tours to Guangzhou from Hong Kong ( see page 113 ) , and this may be the easiest way to visit the city .	ep
