Graffiti written by Russian soldiers can be seen in the caves of Antiparos .	dy
At the Temple ’ s dedication , Solomon addressed his God : “ . . . the Heavens , even the Heaven of the Heavens , can not contain Thee ; how much less this House that I have built ? ”	de
They can no longer be just a box filled with gaming tables , restaurants , and a showroom .	de
Prosperity is in the air ; the roar of the “ Celtic Tiger ” can clearly be heard .	dy
You can view artifacts from the Bronze Age , trace the history of the Easter Rising , or revisit Leopold Bloom ’ s odyssey in Ulysses .	dy
The climate here can best be described as “ changeable ” and yet the sudden shifts from light to dark , sunshine to shower , are part of the city ’ s magic .	dy
Before a skyscraper can be built , a feng shui ( see page 68 ) investigation must take place to ensure that the site and the building will promote health , harmony , and prosperity .	de
You can also take a ferry to Macau to find an entirely different kind of city , a unique blend of Chinese and Iberian culture .	dy
For fun you can visit the Low Price Shop at no . 47 or the Cat Street crafts stores and flea market .	dy
In Hong Kong you can have a plate , or even a whole dinner service , hand-painted to your own design .	dy
Some people say you can test the authenticity by touch — real jade feels smooth and cool .	dy
Alternatively , you can shine a lamp on the stone — real jade shows no reflected light .	dy
You can buy gemstones loose or set , or have them made up to your own design .	dy
The result can be a quality suit at a fair price — but made-to-measure clothing is not cheap .	ep
The owners will brew up a pot so you can taste before making a choice .	dy
To most foreigners , this unique art form is likely to be inscrutable at first exposure , but everyone can appreciate the spectacle and the elaborate , glittering costumes .	dy
Hong Kong by night can suit any taste — riotous , sedate , raw , or cultured .	dy
In subtropical Hong Kong you can swim from April to early November .	dy
Because of the heavy harbor traffic , only sailors licensed by the Hong Kong authorities can run pleasure boats in local waters .	de
There ’ s a special Kid ’ s World that those under 12 can enter free when accompanied by a paying adult .	de
The more daring can try out the terrifying roller-coaster rides .	dy
There are restaurants and a Starbuck ’ s in the basement , and you can access the raised pedestrian crosswalk from the escalators on the ground floor .	dy
From inside the vast atrium you can view the whole structure as well as the mechanical workings of the building .	dy
You can catch one of Hong Kong ’ s historic trams along Des Voeux Road and ride from Central to Causeway Bay ( see box , page 66 ) .	dy
You can walk around the peak for impressive views of Hong Kong , the coastline , and the islands in 45 minutes on Lugard and Harlech roads .	dy
You can take a tour of the port in one of the small sampans , propelled by hand by women drivers .	dy
If you can get up early enough , you can attend the pre-dawn auction held at the vast local wholesale fish market ; otherwise , have a look at the street market that goes on later in the day .	dy
If you can get up early enough , you can attend the pre-dawn auction held at the vast local wholesale fish market ; otherwise , have a look at the street market that goes on later in the day .	dy
Its futuristic dome design is striking ; inside are interactive exhibits , including one in which you can experience weightlessness .	dy
Everything is sold here , from clothing to souvenirs to electronic goods , and the market is known for its street-side food stalls , where you can dine inexpensively on seafood .	dy
The New Territories can be explored by taking the Kowloon – Canton Railway ( KCR ) , which makes 10 stops between the station in Kowloon and Sheung Shui , the last stop before entering China .	dy
North of the town , a commanding view over all the New Territories to the north can be seen from Tai Mo Shan , Hong Kong ’ s highest peak at 957 m ( 3,140 ft ) .	dy
As you approach the border , you can glimpse the skyscrapers of Shenzhen .	dy
You can take a ferryboat through the harbor , past the ingenious Plover Cove reservoir , a water catchment area appropriated by damming and draining a broad inlet from the sea .	dy
Down to earth , the Sha Tin Racecourse can accommodate over 80,000 spectators and is equipped with every imaginable luxury , including a giant video screen facing the stands , and for the horses , air-conditioned stables .	dy
It really looks the part ; the tourists know its name even before the guide can translate it .	dy
These pleasant , but expensive , outings can lay the foundation for your own explorations aboard the cheap but usually comfortable ferries used by the islanders themselves .	dy
From the ferry terminals on Hong Kong Island you can escape to islands without cars or cares , where the local people smile “ hello ” and , if you ’re lucky , point you to a secret beach for the ultimate in quality leisure time .	dy
You can have a delicious vegetarian lunch here .	dy
From the monastery , hikers enjoy the two - hour cross-country trek down to Silvermine Bay , but the authorities have warned walkers to be on the lookout for snakes , which can be plentiful in the Lantau hinterland , especially in summer .	ep
There are also several open-air restaurants where you can enjoy fresh seafood .	dy
You can build an appetite for dinner by making your way from the beach to the restaurant .	dy
Macau ’ s own currency , the pataca , is pegged to the Hong Kong dollar , and you can use your Hong Kong currency freely in Macau .	dy
There are 12 of them ; you ca n ’ t miss the eye-popping Lisboa , which has several floors of gambling , but there ’ s also the Hyatt Regency , the Mandarian Oriental , and Taipa ’ s Jockey Club .	dy
You can try your luck at pari mutuel betting on jai-alai at pari mutuel , greyhound - racing at the Cani­drome ( one of the largest in the world ) , and harness - racing on Taipa .	dy
However , you are not likely to find bargains , and you should be aware that unless you are an expert , you can end up with a fake .	ep
The more abstemious can stick to Portuguese mineral water .	dy
Hong Kong currency is widely accepted in Guangzhou , or you can change your currency into RMB ( yuan ) at any bank or hotel .	dy
More pleasantly , you can browse among lanes of antiques , flowers , herbs , fruit , goldfish , songbirds , and more .	dy
The individual artisans ’ shops are no longer here , but you can visit a silk - weaving factory , a ceramics plant , and the Foshan Folk Art Studio , where you can observe workers making Chinese lanterns , carving sculptures , painting scrolls , and cutting intricate designs in paper .	dy
The individual artisans ’ shops are no longer here , but you can visit a silk - weaving factory , a ceramics plant , and the Foshan Folk Art Studio , where you can observe workers making Chinese lanterns , carving sculptures , painting scrolls , and cutting intricate designs in paper .	dy
You can use your Hong Kong dollars here , so there ’ s no need to change currency .	dy
Just across the border is the huge Lo Wu City shopping mall , to which you can walk ; other shopping malls are nearby .	dy
