just setting up my twttr tm help Wondering if I should quit work and become a monk who secretly writes serial murder thriller novels .	de
Posted ad for room url Posted a website about my room in London for let url Listening to music with the kids url looking at social network site url and considering if I should watch a couple of episodes of Heroes or rock baby Going to watch 2/3 episodes of Heroes on url after doing a spot of food shopping ( Baby is sleeping ) .	de
I am a horrible twitter , I should start again .	de
Maybe we should make it a roadtrip .	de
wondering what I should do with this twitter thing ...	de
should be updating his CV .	de
Posted ' LA Runway : Alexis LaMontagna ' to blip . tv : url looking for angel investors or venture capital , anyone know of someone who i should connect with ?	de
You should be supporting the people who are handing out the shit sandwich posters , not disavowing them .	de
You should n't .	de
RSS to Twitter by category http://www.postrank.com/twitter via @creattica : So we should all just confine ourselves to political opinions that occupy the middle ground ?	de
nice- I should print that out and put it up on my wall ...	de
Everyone should hit up 5 Elements of Hip Hop tonight at George Mason Univ .	de
ChangeCamp is a great idea that you should be supporting Don	de
His dying days should be spent contacting all of the remaining members of the families he butchered .	de
Aww , this is why some people should not be allowed to procreate !	de
Dude should probably shut his piehole before he says something he 'll re-- Oh .	de
omg haha I should be in south of Sweden xD	de
@danielshea should really try to get me more .	de
A link for @themediaisdying http://bit.ly/QDGFt Google boss Eric Schmidt says the majority of newspapers should be online Geeking out about bit . ly and about to send my team an overly excited , babbling email .	de
: ) RT @aplusk someone pointed out I should do 1000 anyway . . good point if I get to 1 million b 4 cnn i 'll by 10000 bed nets	de
