Anxiety arises , however , from the sense that the cultural gulf between these prisoners and their captors is so vast that the latter genuinely do not see how a diet of peanut butter and bagel chips can be considered cruel and inhuman punishment .	dy
One can feel sorry for the hapless vanquished now on that limbo rock in the Caribbean , and hope that some might follow the threads of their tortured consciences back out of the labyrinth , having duly met and been eaten by the Minotaur .	dy
And , '' Al Qaeda is an international terrorist group and can not be considered a state party to the Geneva Convention .	dy
'' We need Tsvangirai to tell Mugabe he can not steal this election , '' said Noel Gukuta , a youthful MDC voter .	de
'' The soldiers have guns so we can not fight him but we can make sure he can not rule us .	dy
'' The soldiers have guns so we can not fight him but we can make sure he can not rule us .	dy
'' The soldiers have guns so we can not fight him but we can make sure he can not rule us .	dy
We 're talking to a lot of people across the Arab and Muslim world about these issues in their countries and about how they can serve as examples to others .	dy
Q : Why ca n't you give us some indication ?	dy
By all conservative estimates , there are scores of other countries which can easily qualify as repressive and violating human rights .	ep
One can name more than a dozen countries which are contemplating the acquisition of mass destruction weapons at one speed or another .	dy
'' The Marine general here says we can have a beer when off duty , but our Army leadership is running so scared that it set a no-drinking policy , '' says another troop .	de
Since then , he has emerged as their advocate , arguing that the U.S. military can safeguard its soldiers while adding a few amenities of everyday Islamic life .	dy
So far no one has asked him how a practicing Muslim can also wear the uniform of the U.S. armed forces .	dy
'' Watching wildlife can be a lot of fun , '' says the sign .	dy
'' It means he ca n't look ahead .	dy
He ca n't make a plan .	dy
That contract , extended indefinitely in 1934 , can be broken only by mutual agreement .	de
Thugs and fraud can not keep the 78-year-old Mugabe in power forever .	dy
A residency requirement introduced last month bans registered voters from casting ballots if they can not provide leases or utility bills in their names .	dy
'' Clearly , Mugabe is doing everything he can to steal this election , '' said John Makumbe , a political science professor at the University of Zimbabwe .	dy
Argentina has to come up with what works for them , and if we can support it , we will . ''	dy
'' You ca n't just keep throwing money at these problems and hope they will go away . ''	de
Fund officials say privately that they can not avoid financial bailouts altogether .	dy
Bill Nash , a retired Army major general and senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations , said this amounted to '' imposing on them a psychological sense of isolation , domination and futility , and trying to establish the conditions by which you can then reward them for information , as oppose to punish them . ''	dy
'' If you want to think the worst about things , you can , '' he said .	de
But Congress can change that , and how it will play its hand will be largely left to opposition leaders , including a former president , Carlos Sa ?nem , and Senator Eduardo Duhalde , who lost to Mr. de la R ? the 1999 elections .	dy
He called on the opposition party , known as the Justicialist party , '' to participate in a national unity government in which they can bring in their ideas and programs . ''	dy
'' I believe the economy can be stabilized and grow during a transition government , '' said Governor Adolfo Rodr ?ez Saa of San Luis Province , an influential member of the opposition .	dy
'' It is for the U.S. to decide whether to take part in the protocol or not , but I hope we will continue with our efforts so we can move in the same direction , '' said Koizumi , who supports theKyoto Protocol .	dy
'' Both the economy and the environment can be improved together . We 'd like to see further efforts on the part of the U.S. , '' the Japanese leader added .	dy
Japan and the U.S. can cooperate over the development of new technologies in the field and that such technologies will help notonly the environment but also economic development , they agreed .	dy
On March 22 , Admiral Dennis Blair , commander-in-chief of the US Pacific Command , told the House Armed Services Committee that the United States and Taiwan can maintain a military balance across the Taiwan Straits if both sides continue modernizing their armed forces .	dy
'' He must think he can defy gravity , because he 's pursuing the same crash course that Argentines and the rest of Latin America rejected a decade ago , '' says Christopher Ecclestone , head of investment boutique Buenos Aires Trust .	dy
Duhalde 's embrace of the past can be partly explained by the nature of the Peronists themselves , whom Argentine literary giant Jorge Luis Borges once referred to as neither good nor bad , just incorrigible .	dy
The government is also taking heat for its plans to violate privatization contracts signed a decade ago and unilaterally lower the rates mostly foreign-owned utilities can charge for public services like water and gas .	de
'' They want to hold us hostage and force us to buy goods that can be bought cheaper and better quality imported . ''	dy
'' We just want someone who can give us food , hospitals , school fees .	dy
'' The intention , of course , is that you frustrate as many voters as you can .	dy
After another hour or two of waiting , a mouthy reporter loudly calls his editor so we can all hear him report the latest : '' Same shit , different day .	dy
And we can go only where the officers take us .	de
We can see for ourselves , sort of .	dy
Restricted to an area about 150 yards away from the open-air cellblocks , we observe the camp from a slight elevation that CNN 's John Zarrella calls '' Heartbreak Ridge , '' so named '' because if you 're a journalist , it breaks your heart that you ca n't get closer . ''	de
It also rankles Castro , who has wanted to throw us off the island for four decades , but ca n't because of a pre-Revolution lease agreement .	de
And while American prisoners in the Hanoi Hilton often spent years in solitary confinement and received no medical care -LRB- John McCain to this day ca n't comb his own hair -RRB- , X-Ray detainees get daily sick calls from all manner of doctors , from optometrists to podiatrists .	dy
The prisoners -LRB- who represent about 25 different nationalities but mostly are Saudis -RRB- can also freely chat with each other about God knows what : prison uprisings , the demise of Talk magazine , trades of Froot Loops for garlic bagel chips .	de
At the end of our day , we are told that a C-141 -LRB- the same plane that transported the detainees -RRB- just became available , and we are prematurely hustled off so the military can dump us in Nowheresville , New Jersey , on a Sunday night after every rental car place in the state has closed .	dy
Not ' gonna be a long , long time ' till you can be a rocket man	dy
Some 20 companies and groups worldwide are in a competition for a $ 10 million purse offered to the first firm that can build and fly a two-stage , reusable rocket that can carry three people on a suborbital flight and be refurbished for its next flight within two weeks .	dy
Some 20 companies and groups worldwide are in a competition for a $ 10 million purse offered to the first firm that can build and fly a two-stage , reusable rocket that can carry three people on a suborbital flight and be refurbished for its next flight within two weeks .	dy
Drs. Hansen and Sato argue that policymakers can make significant headway by attacking other pollutants such as black carbon soot , ozone -LRB- smog -RRB- in the lower atmosphere , and methane from landfills , mining , and oil and gas production .	dy
O'Keefe 's appointment '' is a clear message from the administration : NASA has to clean up its act before we can talk about the neat stuff we 'd like to see NASA do , '' says Patricia Dasch of the National Space Society .	de
The government can not pay pensioners or state workers .	dy
He has announced that Argentina can not pay its creditors the $ 132 billion they are owed .	dy
They fear that if Argentina can break promises made in contracts , other nations may try to do the same in less dire times .	de
It does n't just hit the initial direct investment in Argentina but all those suppliers throughout the chain of supply that can be impacted , '' said Meril Markely , a Houston-based director of tax and accounting services in South America for KPMG .	dy
Foreign companies that took over former state transportation , phone and energy companies want -- but appear unlikely to get -- some form of indexing so they can raise their prices to compensate for what is expected to be a widening gap between the peso and dollar .	de
Visitors can reach it only under strict military escort and with prior permission from the Pentagon , aboard special small shuttle flights that reach the base by a circuitous flight from the United States .	dy
'' The intention , of course , is that you frustrate as many voters as you can .	dy
'' That 's my secret , I ca n't tell you , '' Ronnie Dube , a 48 year-old carpenter , said when asked how he would vote .	de
Without the rule of law and fair elections in Africa , no amount of aid can help it .	dy
Mr. Mbeki may still hope that , despite his joining the West in criticizing Zimbabwean leader Robert Mugabe , he can work with his troubled neighbor to prevent more violence , keep the economy from collapsing , and find some political compromise .	dy
'' If Chairman Misuari would go against -LRB- the rescue -RRB- , we can not do otherwise -LRB- but follow -RRB- because he is our commander in chief , '' he said .	de
'' If the government was able to extend amnesty to our Christian brothers , like -LRB- former renegade Army officer Gregorio -RRB- '' Gringo '' Honasan and others , why ca n't it accord the same privilege to Chairman Misuari ? ''	dy
And I ca n't speak for everybody on the base but I think most people are glad to be part of it , excited by it . ''	dy
And , while striding hastily through the large facilities of the International Business Center -LRB- Cintermex -RRB- , he sketched an explanation : '' Argentina is the leading case of an era in which everyone pays dearly for his mistakes , and somehow manages as best he can .	dy
More Political Than Economic It is common knowledge , among most of the small groups , that the Argentine crisis is more political than economic , and that , as one Latin American diplomat accredited to the UN remarked , the formula in question does not hold much mystery : '' A rapprochement with the United States is indispensable , because it is the only one that can extricate them from this . ''	dy
It can not make more concessions .	dy
We can review , for example , the voting results in the Security Council to see how Washington always defends Israel , then how Britain always justifies the stances by both countries in admirable harmony .	dy
'' Bush can not conduct himself in an upright manner and he speaks insincerely ! ''	dy
Judging by the steps taken by the Finance Ministry , one can only speak of mismanagement .	de
But successful management of the economy - the second front - is essential so that the resources needed for defense needs can be made available without causing serious damage to the economy. CopyRight 2002 Ha'aretz .	dy
'' It is a bad report that can only lead to bad decisions , '' Moyo said , denouncing the report as '' opinionated '' and '' one-sided '' and saying it '' lacks credibility and can not withstand any objective scrutiny . ''	dy
'' It is a bad report that can only lead to bad decisions , '' Moyo said , denouncing the report as '' opinionated '' and '' one-sided '' and saying it '' lacks credibility and can not withstand any objective scrutiny . ''	dy
Under these circumstances nobody can feel free . ''	dy
Furthermore , as anyone who has been following the Zimbabwean Press can testify , many of the Meikles farms around the country have been acquired by the State as part of the land reform programme .	dy
Polls indicate that a majority of Argentines support keeping the peg in place , despite increased calls from many economists and several political leaders that only a devaluation can help the economy rebound .	dy
Rodriguez Saa is reportedly considering easing banking restrictions imposed by De la Rua , limiting to $ 1,000 the amount of money Argentines can withdraw from their accounts .	de
The Sino-US plane collision event that occurred on 1 April can best illustrate the US alternate application of the '' two-isms '' in its diplomacy .	dy
'' Of course the United States has a point when it says that it can be difficult to decide who are terrorists and who are prisoners of war .	dy
'' It can not be the duty of the Danish Government to applaud everything that the Americans do .	de
I can imagine that the United States has had good reasons for transporting them to Cuba , '' foreign affairs spokesman Peter Skaarup -LRB- Danish People 's Party -RRB- says .	de
Every oppressive or vindictive Israeli action has a Palestinian reaction that can not be stopped .	dy
However , he hoped that the people of the world can no more be kept in dark .	dy
'' They can see and observe the unjust and discriminatory policies of America .	dy
Nevertheless , according to the researcher from the UNAM -LRB- National Autonomous University of Mexico -RRB- Economics Department , Angel de la Vega , since the Fox administration does not have the security of a fiscal reform available , it can not be ruled out that Mexico might collaborate with OPEC in the event of a more serious reduction in oil prices .	dy
At the same time , the PNP ca n't be burying its head in the sand and offering explanations all the time , rather than check the rise of kidnappings .	dy
It can only be paradoxical that a supposedly model democracy like the USA can trample on the law to such an extent .	dy
Even if we can say with great certainty that climate changes will come , we need more knowledge about the effects .	dy
A quota is a right to emit a certain quantity of climate gases during a certain period and this right can be sold on a market .	dy
The advantages are that the authorities can set a ceiling on all emissions .	dy
Businesses that are obligated by a quota can then choose whether they want to buy those quotas they need or introduce measures to reduce emissions .	de
Measures about emissions-how much all of those obligated by a quota can emit .	de
This mechanism can already be used-and before 2008 , too .	dy
Following the presidential vote in Zimbabwe , there is just one thing Robert Mugabe can not be reproached for , and that is having made a secret of his determination to stay in power by every possible means .	dy
It can only rise to meet it by making some radical changes .	dy
One can easily talk in a similar manner of the racial discrimination in the United States which is becoming more serious with the passage of time .	dy
I can never forget what I saw that day as long as I live . ''	dy
But the greatest attention is paid to the fate of the civilian population : In principle , the latter can never be the object of a military operation .	dy
Hence you can hardly speak of a '' targeting error '' when a Red Cross warehouse , although clearly recognizable by the large red cross painted on the roof , was shelled twice by US aircraft .	dy
Such a building enjoys the highest possible protection , and can and should never be the object of an attack , unless it is clearly established that it is being used for military purposes .	dy
Transporting these people , shackled hand and foot and with hoods over their heads , shaving their beards -- which form part of their religious identity -- and their '' accommodation '' in half-open and cages that are much too small can probably never pass this test ...	dy
Because press freedom -- the jewel of the US Constitution -- can be restricted for reasons of national security .	dy
Foreigners suspected of maintaining -LRB- loose -RRB- ties with terrorist organizations can be detained indefinitely .	dy
The need for timely and accurate information about possible new attacks is naturally particularly great , but whether the global ban on torture can be abused on that account is another matter .	dy
Through that , the United States can detain and try anybody who is not a US citizen and who is suspected of being a member of al-Qa'ida or of being involved in international terrorism in one way or another .	dy
Only special military commissions can try them .	de
If it emerges that the person concerned can not be removed from British territory because he is in serious danger in his own country , he can be detained almost indefinitely under this law .	dy
If it emerges that the person concerned can not be removed from British territory because he is in serious danger in his own country , he can be detained almost indefinitely under this law .	dy
The Convention also sets out various claims that can be made by states who have suffered damages as a result of other states ' space projects .	dy
This section allows states who have suffered damages to claim compensation through the International Claims Commission , which acts as the representative of the appellant state against the launching state -LRB- in this case Australia -RRB- or any other international organisation which can be classed as a launching state .	dy
If a deadlock in negotiations occurs , the parties can ask the UN Claims Commission as a neutral party to act as adjudicator .	dy
Indonesia can exploit this principle of the Space Treaty 1967 .	dy
But the problem is , who can ensure that these guidelines will indeed be adhered to ?	dy
The time has come , gentlemen , for Sharon , the assassin , to realize that injustice can not last long .	dy
Apart from this , we can not talk about the settlement of the Middle East issue .	dy
Convinced that the United States can never abandon it completely , Israel is dragging its feet on the withdrawal of troops citing a variety of excuses .	dy
The ill effects of the Argentine crisis can contaminate the nearest countries first , like Paraguay , Uruguay and Bolivia .	dy
One can not ignore the fact that , only 20 years ago , all these countries - including Brazil and Peru - were ruled by generals .	dy
The amount of money issued thus winds up being a function of these variables , not a target in itself , so that monetary policy can be used as a tool for promoting economic recovery .	dy
If an agreement is reached with the IMF and economic conditions improve , the timetable will likely be moved forward so that people can get cash .	dy
It can not be credited to demand deposit accounts .	de
Therefore , it can be used only to purchase items such as cars and apartments .	de
The big drawback to this system is that hardly anyone will be willing to sell real estate for peso-denominated installment checks that can be cashed sometime in the future .	dy
They can be used , though , for smaller transactions or to pay for part of a purchase .	dy
'' The rest of the world needs to be with us , because such weapons can be targeted on them as well as on us . ''	dy
My fist carries a force , which can make one tumble and roll over 77 times , '' Mugabe boasted in a recent rally .	dy
France 's Foreign Ministry spokesman Francois Rivasseau said that Zimbabwe 's '' election can not be considered as substantially free and fair . ''	dy
Germany 's Foreign Ministry spokesman Andreas Michaelis said that '' all information points to the fact it can not be assumed there were equal chances for the candidates in this election . ''	dy
You can count on that .	dy
It just can not be that one country reaps all the benefits of mock globalisation but does not take any responsibility for the biggest global problem we are facing today .	dy
They can run but they can not hide , he said .	dy
They can run but they can not hide , he said .	dy
Besides , he said , each prisoner has a '' Koran '' and can even receive a mat for prayer .	de
Thus , the United States can not simply consider this issue as '' contradiction between the enemy and itself , '' it must also consider international relations .	dy
The prisoners in the orange one-piece overall not only can not move freely , but they may not be able to breathe normally .	de
The Central Bank has not yet explained what transfers can be made or what the authorization rules will be for these transactions .	de
Until it does so , the wholesale market , which is the one that can stand up to the Central Bank , is going to remain closed , '' explained one trader at a front-line bank .	dy
'' You ca n't live with this level of hysteria , '' said Jorge , a 67-year old retiree who in all his years can not recall a comparable situation .	dy
'' You ca n't live with this level of hysteria , '' said Jorge , a 67-year old retiree who in all his years can not recall a comparable situation .	dy
'' Cavallo can not say 'take it or leave it , ' as in the local swap , '' noted the source , as an example .	dy
Committed '' The West ca n't do anything about Zimbabwe as long as the people of Zimbabwe are committed to see this country prosper .	dy
We should continue with our business as usual and we ca n't expect the Commonwealth to say something positive about Zimbabwe when its head is the Queen , '' Dr Chivaura said .	dy
It is easy to paint a bad picture because one can do it even with eyes closed since one would have been paid to do so , '' the sources said .	dy
'' We can not accept it by any means .	dy
'' We think this plan can not be an ' alternative ' to Kyoto Protocol because it would allow the current greenhouse gas emissions of the United States to increase by around 30 % compared to 1990 level in 2010 , '' the letter said .	dy
The announcement of a plan that is supposedly an alternative to the Kyoto Protocol , but which in practice rejects it in a way that can not be taken seriously by the countries who committed themselves to it -LRB- among which is Brazil -RRB- , only deserves rejection in response and to provoke in retrospect an enormous concern about what the only world superpower intends in future .	de
The American society is a dynamic , changing one that can be swayed if presented with the right message on a consistent basis .	dy
A strong case can be made for change in the American foreign policy at the grassroots level .	dy
I believe much more can be accomplished if closer attention is paid to the potential for change from within America .	dy
You can never be too sure about what you are communicating .	dy
One can imagine how Rumsfield , who is ordinarily so sure of himself and of his jokes , might have gone off his rocker once and , for an hour , could have ranted and raved against the '' hyperbole , '' the exaggeration that , according to him , marked the reactions generated by this photograph , and reminded the world about the degree to which the US attitude was '' humane , legal , and proper . ''	dy
Since President Bush envisions using all options , however , we can not deny the possibility that the United States may take military actions .	de
In the case of military actions against Iran on the other hand , it also seems that '' judging from the lessons we learned from the Gulf War , Japan , which relies on the crude oil from the Middle East , can not refuse offering cooperation , '' -LRB- said a Defense Agency source -RRB- .	de
It can be said that the Japanese Government has put itself in a difficult position .	dy
However , it is unclear whether Japan can actually prevent the US from taking military action .	dy
'' People who love freedom understand that we can not allow nations that are n't transparent , nations with a terrible history , nations that are so dictatorial they 're willing to starve their people , we ca n't allow them to mate up with terrorist organizations , '' Bush said .	de
In Berlin , Germany 's chief government spokesman Uwe-Karsten Heye told journalists , '' The federal government can not imagine that the United States government has an interest in engaging in an adventure '' in Iraq .	de
'' America 's rulers have proved that they can not be trusted , '' he said .	de
The reason is that South Korea 's industrial structure depends heavily on the export of products including not only durable appliances such as air conditioner but also automobiles all of which should meet intensified environmental standards before they can be shipped overseas under the Protocol .	de
Under this situation , the nation can not possibly avoid pressures to match the cuts of advanced nations .	de
The walls , if that is what you can call them , are made of wire fencing .	de
The prisoners shelter as best they can from the heat , which never goes below the 30 degree Celsius mark even in winter .	dy
It was chosen first and foremost because it is not US territory and thus no claim can be laid to the rights that the US Constitution guarantees to all prisoners , including foreigners .	de
And second , you can only get into or out of the base on board a US Armed Forces helicopter .	de
The Department of Defense , whose budget was increased by 19 percent last year , received even more for the fiscal year 2002/2003 , which means that it can use a sum comparable to the amount from the times of the cold war confrontation .	de
Deputy Minister Aminzadeh repeatedly said , '' In view of current strong conservative factions assuming a rigid stance against the United States , we can not speak openly of improving relations with the United States , but reformist President Seyed Mohammad Khatami does not desire a confrontation with the United States . ''	de
If conditions do not change , there is no way Japan can assume a defensive stand . ''	de
However , such a scenario can be assured success only if it is underpinned by President Bush 's '' policy of not excluding a variety of options '' inclusive of military action .	dy
However , according to a Liberal Democratic Party -LRB- LDP -RRB- Diet member who is an expert in defense issues , Prime Minister Koizumi 's statements concerning actions to be taken in response to the '' Axis of Evil '' can be viewed as definitely encompassing a '' promise to collaborate on the premise that overseas military actions would be possible . ''	dy
In terms of strength , these three countries can not be mentioned in the same breath as Germany , Italy , and Japan in the 1940 's .	de
Of course , China will not concur with the United States ' position , but it appears that the United States is trying to strengthen relations so that it can always convey a clear message to the Chinese side .	dy
We can only tackle climate change effectively through a multi-lateral process .	dy
I am convinced that improving the environment through technological progress can actually enhance our competitiveness and economic growth .	dy
In the actual situation we are discussing , the issue is the privileges ensured by the Convention : according to that act , no detained combatant can be forced to reveal to the interrogator anything other than his name , rank , military serial number , and birth date .	de
Sometimes the criticism was unexpectedly tough : Kenneth Roth , executive director of Human Rights Watch , said '' the US Government can not choose to wage war in Afghanistan with guns , bombs and soldiers , and then assert the laws of war do not apply . ''	de
As for their possible repatriation , it can not be taken into consideration , as long as the war against terrorism is far from over .	de
'' The priority now is to unshackle the credit system , for there is no modern economy that can function without credit .	dy
Malan criticizes the stance taken by multilateral institutions like the IMF , who are asking for reforms in Argentina before the country can receive financial help .	de
He noted that the year since Sharon became Israel Prime Minister and his pursuit of a destructive , aggressive policy against the Palestinian people has '' proved that the conflict with the Palestinian people who cling to their national rights can not be settled by force . ''	dy
Bush hopes that Jiang Zemin would mediate with the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea on the US' behalf so that the United States can resume talks with the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea .	dy
That Bush chooses to increase contacts with China shows that it is impossible for the United States to deal with global issues alone , nor can it afford to ignore China 's major role in international affairs .	de
However , all the parties repeated with insistence that world climate protection can not be effective unless the United States takes measures that are comparable to these taken by Europe and Japan .	dy
This can hardly be described as ambitious as a 15 percent increase in energy efficiency was in any event expected given present productivity levels .	de
On the contrary , it can have a positive effect .	dy
The door remains wide open for the United States to return to the Kyoto process : The biggest emitter of greenhouse gases can not be relieved of its responsibilities for global climate protection .	de
Criticizing the policies of the government , Hatiboglu spoke as follows : '' With such a Prime Minister , this country can not be brought to prosperity ; it will just be dragged along .	dy
With these three musketeers -LRB- a reference to the three-party coalition government -RRB- , this country can only be dragged along , but wo n't get anywhere . ''	dy
Neither the United States nor Europe can count on them .	de
Israel 's impossible terms can not be met by a nation that is determined to preserve its dignity and national unity .	dy
It can not be anything but gangster-like logic for such a country to label other countries , which are dignified sovereign states and UN members , as an axis of evil .	de
The United States can never dampen or bend our unwavering will .	dy
Carl Pope , the director of the Sierra Club , considers for his part that the Bush Administration '' is sticking to the polluting policies that the energy industry asked for rather than taking the sensible steps that can protect our health . ''	dy
'' Too much blood was shed and much suffering endured to achieve our independence and regain our sovereignty for anyone to imagine that they can either dictate or intimidate us into submission , '' said Cde Mudenge .	de
Noting that President Chen Shui-bian has on many occasions expressed goodwill to mainland China , Tsai said so long as Beijing leaders can carefully mull the significance of Chen 's statements on cross-strait affairs , particularly the '' one China '' issue , there should be opportunities for the two sides to resume talks .	de
While meeting with the '' Committee of 100 '' delegation Monday , President Chen said '' one China '' is an issue that can be discussed in the future with mainland China .	de
Therefore , as a guardian of the ROC sovereignty , dignity and security , he can not accept the principle .	de
The '' computers '' are biological molecules , using DNA for software and enzymes for hardware , and can solve a billion mathematical problems a second .	dy
Artificial chips have reached their limits and ca n't get any smaller .	dy
But , say the scientists , tiny DNA strands can store huge amounts of information in minuscule space -- one cubic centimeter of DNA can store more information than a trillion CDs .	dy
But , say the scientists , tiny DNA strands can store huge amounts of information in minuscule space -- one cubic centimeter of DNA can store more information than a trillion CDs .	dy
Once the computer has dissected the entire input , it can determine whether the sequence appeared an even or odd number of times according to the last label -- the '' output '' .	dy
The computer can also do other calculations , such as checking whether the '' B '' sequence appears at least once , or at most once , by inserting different types of software DNAs .	dy
can anyone believe that the Arab world could approve of it ?	de
Shortly thereafter , the institution 's spokesman , Thomas Dawson , declared '' the -LRB- Argentine -RRB- authorities have to reach the program goals they set for themselves '' before they can get any more money .	de
Yet , over the past ten years , it has done everything it can to be considered one of the IMF 's good pupils .	dy
The buffer zones that Ariel Sharon intends to establish are an explicit admission that Israelis can no longer live by the sword , that the occupation is not working , and Israeli reprisals are not meeting with success .	dy
It can not integrate itself into the region , it is an alien seedling and , thus , it is better to isolate and fortify itself as a lowly outpost .	dy
But separation will not mean an end to the occupation and no Israeli government can provide security as long as it persists in its efforts to maintain its presence beyond Israel 's pre-1967 borders and to retain territories inhabited by millions of Palestinians .	dy
The only way out of the current spiral of violence is for Israel to limit itself to areas within which it can assume responsibility for its citizens ' security .	dy
Sharon has ensured that Israelis are rapidly absorbing the lesson that no place in Israel can be considered safe .	de
Does anybody believe that the intifada can end as long as Israel persists in the occupation of the territories and Palestinians are willing to die in large numbers to deny Israel that privilege ?	dy
Having marginalized their own leader , the CDU grandees can not afford to leave the chancellor candidate in the lurch as well .	de
If anyone in their ranks can turn this to their advantage , it is Mr. Stoiber .	dy
Nonetheless , he will be made to realize that he can not command the CDU , that his power base lies in Munich and not in Berlin , and that the invitation of kingmakers to accept the crown comes at a cost .	dy
Nor will Mr. Stoiber have any illusions of what it means to lead an election campaign , although he can be confident in the knowledge that what is at stake is not Edmund Stoiber , nor the Union , but Germany as a whole .	de
'' So although our international staff went back to Kabul and hope to go back to the other places ... one can not say it is safe in the country and secure enough .	de
The minister further said that since the communication channels between Taiwan and the United States have been operating smoothly , MOFA can fully grasp any possible developments .	dy
It can only be said that this is nothing more than an embellishment and fundamentally can not accomplish anything .	de
It can only be said that this is nothing more than an embellishment and fundamentally can not accomplish anything .	dy
It is not possible that the Republican Party will get along with China , Taiwan can again wait for a little while .	de
Third , questions can be asked about the emission restrictions that would be achieved by the covenants .	de
However , if they wish to emit more -LRB- because , for instance , their output is increasing considerably -RRB- , they can do so provided that they purchase the necessary emission rights from companies which have a surplus of rights .	de
The great advantage of negotiable emission rights in that the system can lead to a cost-efficient division of effort among all sectors and target groups .	dy
'' But when I think of my duties as prime minister , I ca n't visit one country and not go to the other , or stay in one country for three days and stay in the other for only a day .	de
'' Of course , if I step down as prime minister , I can visit one country for a week each , '' he said .	de
He can not be heard to defend the current constitution , which has been roundly condemned by all .	de
It is a legitimate struggle which Mugabe can not dismiss as a Western imperialist ploy because its demands are clear and unambiguous : a more democratic system of government , a more democratic framework for conducting elections , an expanded Bill of Rights and so on .	de
Brazil can not stand by with its hands folded just watching all of this , '' Genoino affirmed .	de
I hope that this can alert the Brazilian Government to revise its relationship with the IMF . ''	dy
Analysts : Lack of Alternative for Power Political scientists agree : Argentina lacks a political force that can stand up to Peronism and Radicalism .	dy
For the political scientist , Argentina can not wait for assistance from the American Government .	de
It can carry two to three astronauts and continue to cruise in space for more than 20 days .	dy
The solar energy batteries usually can not meet the needs of numerous equipment on a spaceship .	dy
An informed source has said that it can be seen that the designs for China 's manned spaceflight have taken into consideration future modifications .	dy
Sharon neither can nor will give up the occupied territories , and so he would be unmasked in the eyes of the whole world as the man standing in the way of peace in the Middle East .	de
The action that is currently taking place can at best only throw the terrorist groups off balance for a time .	dy
It can not solve the Israeli people 's security problems , because the root of the terrorism is the Israeli occupation and the Israeli settlements on occupied territory .	dy
Military superiority can not solve problems that are fundamentally of a political nature .	dy
In Mr. Gudkov 's view , everything is developing well , we can take our time , and we can do nothing at all , since global warming is a threat only to the southern countries .	de
In Mr. Gudkov 's view , everything is developing well , we can take our time , and we can do nothing at all , since global warming is a threat only to the southern countries .	de
The gist is that , according to the Kyoto terms , quotas can be sold , that is , if you have fewer emissions than your neighbor , then you have every reason to strike an advantageous deal .	de
Some of the participants took the line that this is an extremely useful for Russia , which has '' hot air '' -LRB- that is , it is 30 percent short of the permitted level of CO2 emissions -RRB- , and the country can become the dominant seller in the market ; consequently , it has a greater stake than anyone in the ratification of the Kyoto Protocol .	dy
He described the opinion that Russia can gain from perturbations of the climate as false .	dy
If a country fails to use up its quota , it can sell the '' surplus . ''	de
We can visit other countries in Asia and Africa , '' he said at a rally in Nkayi .	de
Militarily Israel can win the war against the Palestinians because of its strength ; politically -- in the eyes of the world 's public -- it looks different .	dy
The question arises for the Israeli Labor Party of how long it can still justify a coalition with Sharon .	dy
A lasting solution to the conflict can only be achieved with the principle of '' land for peace '' determined at the Madrid Conference in 1991 .	dy
'' One can not neglect the fact that BiH , as member of the United Nations , is obliged to strictly respect the UN resolution dated September 28 last year , which obliges UN members to cooperate on the plan of exchange of information and cooperation on prevention of terrorist activities , '' read a statement from the team .	de
'' They -LRB- the prisoners -RRB- can hear nothing , smell nothing , feel nothing , '' the middle-market tabloid said .	dy
'' For us there can not be special courts .	de
A Foreign Office spokesman said : '' I can confirm a team of British officials are in the process of visiting the detainees at Guantanamo Bay .	de
The choice of a currency can never be reduced to a simple act of political will .	dy
Looking back one can see a general lack of vigilance .	dy
'' This should insure that we can recover the sums involved , that in the prospect of another space trip . ''	dy
Once the main Soviet airbase during Moscow 's 1979-89 invasion of Afghanistan , Bagram has now become the hub for flights into the country as Kabul 's own airport can not be used because of unexploded US bombs .	dy
It is good , you can see they -LRB- the Americans -RRB- are here , '' he said smiling .	dy
We can understand this as an immediate military objective , but nothing will be achieved by the operation politically .	dy
According to the US administration , they can be tried outside US territory before secret military courts and they can be condemned , even to death , without the assurance of having been found guilty '' beyond all reasonable doubt '' .	de
According to the US administration , they can be tried outside US territory before secret military courts and they can be condemned , even to death , without the assurance of having been found guilty '' beyond all reasonable doubt '' .	de
The US Association of Legal Professionals is of the opinion that these military tribunals can not pass sentence on any crimes other than those derived from violations of the right to war .	de
Humanitarian organizations , however , believe that the Geneva Convention can be applied to these prisoners and that it states that they must be treated humanely and be subject to other rights in the place that has been baptized '' Camp X-Ray '' , in allusion to the building of the covered sheds with barbed wire in place of walls -LRB- that house the prisoners -RRB- .	de
Moreover , Chen said , Taiwan can from now on conduct trade and economic exchanges with all other WTO members under the principles of equality , fairness and reciprocity .	de
He believes that '' in any negotiation there may be someone who tries to impose conditions by cheating '' and said that in the case of Argentina , '' the cheaters were the IMF , '' who '' praised the policies -LRB- of the last decade -RRB- and held them up as an example '' and now '' they can not tell us that they did not know what was going on . ''	de
'' I think there must be reasonable things '' in the agreement the country reaches with the IMF , Diaz Bancalari said , and then he asserted that '' Argentina is a country in which one can do good business , but what they must know is that there is no more room for shady deals . ''	dy
They are Taliban , and perhaps members of al-Qa'ida , but nobody can say so with certainty because their names are not known , and there are no formal charges .	de
As for the hospital masks , it is highly unlikely that tuberculosis can spread in open places . ''	dy
Morton Haplerin , from the Council for Foreign Relations , said : '' It is clear that the United States sees Guantanamo as a place where it can gather persons caught in all parts of the world .	de
Also , the Venezuelan President 's return to power once again showed that if rulers are endorsed and supported by the people , the people 's determination can affect decisions and that the people 's presence on the scene can prevent rules and decisions with which they totally disagree .	dy
Also , the Venezuelan President 's return to power once again showed that if rulers are endorsed and supported by the people , the people 's determination can affect decisions and that the people 's presence on the scene can prevent rules and decisions with which they totally disagree .	dy
Turkey and Greece can cooperate in many fields like they have been doing so within structure of the Black Sea Economic Cooperation -LRB- BSEC -RRB- .	dy
This will show that they can convey the message of peace to the third countries .	dy
'' We can not stand on the sidelines of this global tendency , '' the Kazakh president said .	de
For many reasons , the occupation of Palestinian towns can not last , so the Zionist forces will have to withdraw from these towns sooner or later .	dy
The conclusion to which we come is that the Zionist and US administrations have aggravated the Zionist entity 's historical impasse through the crime they have committed together when they had the illusion that '' force '' can break the Palestinian people 's will and impose on this people what other means failed to impose .	dy
In relation to the first ambiguity , Powell 's words definitely can not be taken seriously , considering that precisely Washington is the one that has been practicing a one-sided approach to the events in the Middle East for 18 months now and it was the chief opponent of the positioning of peace troops between the two warring sides .	de
With an average $ 3 billion military aid for Israel and a strong Jewish lobby at home , the Untied States can not play any other role in the Middle East conflict but protector of the Israeli state .	de
From the vantage point of Latin America and the Caribbean , there can be no doubt about the United States ' complicity with the military and civilian authors of the abortive coup d'etat against Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez .	de
If it turns out to be true that the two US colonels were involved in the failed attempt , there can be no other conclusion .	de
Hence one can see that it is not to be surprised that the United States chimed in with the Venezuela 's coup organizers .	dy
This is why one can not dismiss the effects of the intensification of the Middle East crisis , Iraq 's initiative in using crude oil as a political weapon against Washington and the debate on an extensive oil embargo against the supporters of Israel on the events of the past few days in Venezuela as well as America 's support for the putschists there .	de
He explained to The Jordan Times that '' in Jordan , we conclusively believe that development can not be achieved unless the environment is protected . ''	dy
I can not imagine anything as beautiful as that . ''	dy
He said he had seen the most magnificent sunset and sunrise over Africa , at which Mbeki asked him to bring pictures '' so that we can know what we look like to you from up there '' .	dy
Although the White House and the Pentagon have denied supporting the oppositions in Venezuela to stage this coup , the world will not be easily fooled as it can judge from the several official statements made by the US Government both before and after the coup .	dy
Ground corn , known locally as '' mealie meal , '' is the staple diet of millions of Zimbabweans who can afford little else .	dy
After a few days , he decides if they can be allowed to buy grain from the GMB . ''	de
'' It is a case of take what you can while you can . ''	dy
'' It is a case of take what you can while you can . ''	dy
'' The international community can support us so far , but it can never remove the shackles of repression , '' he said .	dy
'' The international community can support us so far , but it can never remove the shackles of repression , '' he said .	dy
One can not assume that Israel will act under the pressure of deeds and oversights that are often tainted with a significant degree of hypocrisy .	de
People become ill in seven or eight years , therefore , doctors can not monitor all who have contracted the infection , '' he said .	dy
'' We hope it can be ended as soon as possible , '' Syed Hamid told AFP in an interview here ahead of a ministerial gathering of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation -LRB- APEC -RRB- forum .	dy
Islamic countries are with the US in combatting terrorism but we do n't want it to be prolonged because it can create trouble and instability all around the Islamic world , '' he said .	dy
'' Over the long term , we have to look at how terrorism manifests itself and have an international convention where terrorism is properly defined and where it is considered as a crime against humanity so there can be a proper tribunal . ''	dy
'' One can not be too philosophical or idealistic about civil liberties when they can jeopardise peace and security , law and order in a country . ''	de
'' One can not be too philosophical or idealistic about civil liberties when they can jeopardise peace and security , law and order in a country . ''	dy
But unfortunately there is little one can do about it .	dy
But they can not be any real talk of success until the broad strategy against terrorism begins to bear fruit .	de
The whole operation against terrorism can have positive but also unintentionally negative effects on the international stage .	dy
'' One can say this with a large degree of confidence as , in the past two months , Khattab has not made his presence obvious in any way - he has n't been on air , and actions by militants in the region controlled by Khattab are uncoordinated too .	de
One can not underestimate the significance of the fact that Russia has opened its airspace .	de
The minister went on to say that although mainland China is squeezing Taiwan 's development space in the world community with its huge resources and strong diplomacy , the ROC can still break through its difficulties as long as it implements democracy and obtains the support of overseas Chinese communities .	dy
'' March appears to be a more reasonable estimate while earlier admission can not be entirely ruled out , '' according to Chen , also Taiwan 's chief WTO negotiator .	de
`` Weapons can not prevent Taiwan from reuniting with China , '' he told Thai and Chinese media last week .	dy
Lin noted that Taiwan is one of the ICFTU founders and that its participation in the ILO can serve as a model for Taiwan to take part in international activities .	dy
It can safely be claimed that the events in Genoa have influenced -LCB- overshadowed -RCB- the very conferences in New York and Bonn ;	de
As regards the recent conference -LRB- Bonn Meeting -RRB- , although the past gatherings like the Hague meeting and Kyoto conference have proved to be failed experiences , nevertheless as the climatic and atmospheric crises are growing more serious , one can be optimistic and hopeful about the success of such protocols and pacts , and implementation of the agreements , even though they are not protected by any sanctions .	dy
As regards the recent conference -LRB- Bonn Meeting -RRB- , although the past gatherings like the Hague meeting and Kyoto conference have proved to be failed experiences , nevertheless as the climatic and atmospheric crises are growing more serious , one can be optimistic and hopeful about the success of such protocols and pacts , and implementation of the agreements , even though they are not protected by any sanctions .	de
