They have been divested of many of their basis rights , and their voices can not be heard by anyone .	dy
That makes them about as dangerous as a person can be in modern times . ''	dy
To be fair , so far as truth can be discerned from polls , the free Western world is indeed grateful , and on balance quite supportive of the cause the Americans are leading .	dy
Where there are not even polls , in the tyrannies of the Middle East , of Africa and Asia , there is occasional evidence of the respect that the United States can command -- the belief that for all its flaws , the United States remains the champion of freedom .	dy
In the words of one , '' I ca n't believe anyone would sacrifice themselves and many others over something as petty as envy . ''	dy
From British lords down to humble skinheads , sneering at the American '' vulgarity '' confers a comforting sense of personal and national vindication , when no other prop can be found .	dy
It can never be right to indulge this disease .	de
And a handcar will be added to the rail system so astronauts can move more easily along the truss , which will be longer than a football field .	dy
'' What is critical at the moment is to see how we can restore legitimacy on a government that has stolen an election and that government must now deal with national questions of drought and food shortages , '' Mr. Tsvangirai said .	dy
Mr. Godfrey said , '' When I see those hooded prisoners being put on planes to Cuba , I say to myself , ' Would we allow that , if Canadian troops were taken ? ' '' '' The lack of respect for the human person , I ca n't believe that , under any convention , that the Americans have n't already violated international law by treating people this way , '' Mr. Godfrey told Mr. Eggleton .	dy
'' I do n't think we can turn a blind eye or outsource our moral obligations , '' Mr. Godfrey said .	de
'' How can you not have your army on high alert when -LRB- British Prime Minister Tony -RRB- Blair is making the kind of noise that he is making , '' Mr. Moyo said .	dy
But these problems can be abated , or even eliminated , with Western assistance .	dy
At Cranborne Barracks on the outskirts of the capital , he saw soldiers towing a BM-21 multiple-rocket launcher , a fearsome weapon that can can fire 40 122mm rockets in six seconds .	dy
And it can act unilaterally . ''	de
'' I can not tell you how pleasing it is to my own ears to hear me say that during my mission I'm going to ride and fly Canadarm 2 , '' said Dr. MacLean .	dy
The space station 's emergency rescue ship to return the crew is a Russian Soyuz spacecraft that can only accommodate three crew members .	dy
He indicated that there is a long way to go and a great deal of effort to put in before global warming can be successfully arrested .	dy
This disaster can only be averted if we all join in to reduce greenhouse gas emissions to stop global warming .	dy
As you can see around us , there are tons of very precious and very sophisticated equipment .	dy
I ca n't imagine anything that could surpass that . ''	dy
The detainees ' toothbrushes are shortened so that they can not be used as weapons .	dy
They do n't live it , they do n't see it , so how can they talk about it ? ''	dy
During this meeting , she has scheduled a meeting with peaceful antiglobalists , '' but there is little I can do , '' she said in an interview .	dy
'' Actually , I do not know what else we can do .	dy
But this can only change if we negotiate .	dy
The disease can be contracted if a person is bitten by a certain tick or if a person comes into contact with the blood of a Congo Fever sufferer .	dy
'' We ca n't help but wonder if some politicians and civil rights advocates are overreacting when it comes to the treatment of captured al-Qaeda and Taliban fighters by the United States .	dy
'' -LRB- Mr. Manley -RRB- has proven to be a sensible manager who Canadians can trust , '' says a Sun editorial , observing that he emerged from the Sept .	de
How can , under such circumstances , America allow itself to express an opinion over the issue of human rights in other countries ?	dy
It is a human virtue to express concern on human rights issues in the world , but the American authorities - after massacring thousands of innocent people in Afghanistan under the excuse of fighting terrorism which is still continuing - can not expect the people of the world to take seriously the annual report issued by their Department of State on human rights .	de
They can not , therefore , blame the world for viewing such reports as a tool to advance America 's foreign policy .	de
He also assessed the achievements of the exhibition as very useful and satisfactory , hoping that the police and security forces would be equipped with the latest and most modern technology so that they can expedite their activities in their campaign against crimes .	dy
Only such a peace can bring security and stability to all the parties without exception .	dy
This can partially be explained with the third position on the rating .	dy
The Soviet Union can launch ambassador Liu Xiao into space !	dy
America can not do it so far . ''	dy
China knows how to build its own spaceships , and there are people who can become cosmonauts .	dy
As China 's experts believe , there should be at least four test unmanned flights performed before they can launch a man into space .	dy
'' We ca n't solve all of the country 's problems in three weeks , '' he told local radio , hours after tens of thousands of Argentines took to the streets around the country in a pot-banging demonstration .	dy
'' Our concern is whether persons used to the role of policy implementors can objectively assess and critique executive policies which impinge on human rights , '' said Ramdas .	dy
It was only natural for US National Security Adviser condoleezza Rice to make statements yesterday after what can be described as a oneupmanship of rudeness was inaugurated in Washington last week .	de
'' Although we can still buy a number of arms from countries like Russia and China , a greater part of our fairly priced weapons , ammunition and spares have been sourced from mainly European countries like Britain , Sweden , France and others over the years .	dy
We can no longer buy arms from Europe at the moment because of the problems here , '' said a top Ministry of Defence source .	dy
These arms can in turn be re-sold by those other countries , '' said Sautier , adding that there was also the possibility of illegal arms trafficking outside the authority of the French government .	ep
Instead , it opts for brute force in dealing with a crisis , the exit from which , can only be achieved by the resumption of peace talks on the basis of the Mitchell report and the Tenet understandings .	dy
Sharon 's deceptive ploys can not negate the fact that President Yasser Arafat and the Palestinian National Authority have and are still , even while under attack , doing their utmost to demonstrate their unambiguous commitment to stop violence , maintain the ceasefire , and get back to negotiations .	dy
The seven countries which the US terms as a threat to its security and against which it can use nuclear weapons , also include Russia and China .	de
This can be traced back to the events in 1818 , when American cowboys used blind force to oppress the blacks .	dy
It can be derived from this that the US attack on Afghanistan without any logic , was not an impulsive action but the psychology of maintaining US supremacy was fully involved in it .	dy
Above all , the US media has reported that the involvement of Jews in the 11 September events can not be ruled out .	dy
The article conveyed that the Foreign Minister of Germany , which leads the European Union along with France , said , '' The formation of an international anti-terror alliance does not mean it can do anything . ''	de
It seems to be the first time that the European countries have reached such a consensus that they can not wholly agree with the United States .	dy
It is hard to forecast how much longer the United States can act arbitrarily and treat its allies and the large majority of the world community in a disdaining manner .	dy
The guilt or otherwise of these detainees can be determined only by a competent court .	de
Despite the powerful compulsions it is apparently labouring under , Islamabad should at least seek details of the Pakistanis being held at Guantanamo Bay , so that their cases can be taken up with Washington later .	dy
He asserted , in these exact words , this barbarism : '' 4 February is not just any date , it is a historic date we can well compare to 19 April 1810 , when that civic-military rebellion also opened a new path towards national independence . ''	de
In what way can Lieutenant Colonel Hugo Chavez be seen as comparable to Jose Felix Ribas , Francisco Salias , the philosopher Juan German Roscio , or Canon Jose Cortes de Madariaga ?	dy
There were numerous deaths , and no one can feel proud of the consequences .	dy
There were numerous deaths , and no one can feel proud of the consequences .	de
The communicative compulsions of dancing to the tunes of evocative sound bytes can not adequately explain Mr. Bush 's failure to substantiate this theme during his internationally televised address .	dy
In contrast , injustice can not escape denunciation and rejection .	dy
The French foreign minister demanded that the United States abandon its one-sidedness , saying that global problems can not be solved by Washington 's arbitrary decision .	dy
The UK foreign minister said that , although the UK has been acting as a close ally of the United States since the '' 11 September incident , '' it '' can no longer stand shoulder to shoulder '' with it .	dy
One can imagine the extent of such EU sentiment from the descriptions of Bush in French newspapers , such as one depicting him as the modern , 21st-century version of '' The Stars and Stripes . ''	dy
That kind of criticism can have real sting .	dy
What we can not condone more than anything is that Bush arbitrarily designated our country as part of a so-called an axis of evil .	dy
Anything that goes against this can be said to be evil .	dy
As can be seen from the aforementioned , there is no real evidence either to link our Republic to terrorism or to designate as an evil country .	dy
The United States thinks that it can silence the justice-seeking cries of the peoples of the world with the sound of explosions from 7-ton bombs and it thinks that it can justify its own inhuman behavior in the shadow of this noise .	dy
The United States thinks that it can silence the justice-seeking cries of the peoples of the world with the sound of explosions from 7-ton bombs and it thinks that it can justify its own inhuman behavior in the shadow of this noise .	dy
In this sort of crisis there can never be just one guilty party .	dy
This is the only way he can keep the support of his coalition government and the general public .	dy
And as long as this pretence of a vicious war against Israel holds , Sharon can keep his waning grip on power for more time .	dy
The point is that if the United States keeps pontificating and preaching about human rights , it ca n't suddenly forget about its past lectures to other countries and nations . -LRB- end -RRB-	dy
'' A government in which the president controls the Supreme Court , the National Assembly and the Armed Forces can not be called a democracy , '' Soto charged .	dy
This mentality simultaneously raises apprehensions and resentment , because international economic prosperity can be built on stability , not wars .	dy
Annan said , without specifically mentioning the US : '' You can not divide the world between the good and the evil , because between them there are shades of gray . ''	dy
The Sino-US plane collision event that occurred on 1 April can best illustrate the US alternate application of the '' two-isms '' in its diplomacy .	dy
'' Of course the United States has a point when it says that it can be difficult to decide who are terrorists and who are prisoners of war .	dy
'' It can not be the duty of the Danish Government to applaud everything that the Americans do .	de
I can imagine that the United States has had good reasons for transporting them to Cuba , '' foreign affairs spokesman Peter Skaarup -LRB- Danish People 's Party -RRB- says .	de
Every oppressive or vindictive Israeli action has a Palestinian reaction that can not be stopped .	dy
However , he hoped that the people of the world can no more be kept in dark .	dy
'' They can see and observe the unjust and discriminatory policies of America .	dy
Nevertheless , according to the researcher from the UNAM -LRB- National Autonomous University of Mexico -RRB- Economics Department , Angel de la Vega , since the Fox administration does not have the security of a fiscal reform available , it can not be ruled out that Mexico might collaborate with OPEC in the event of a more serious reduction in oil prices .	dy
At the same time , the PNP ca n't be burying its head in the sand and offering explanations all the time , rather than check the rise of kidnappings .	dy
It can only be paradoxical that a supposedly model democracy like the USA can trample on the law to such an extent .	dy
Even if we can say with great certainty that climate changes will come , we need more knowledge about the effects .	dy
A quota is a right to emit a certain quantity of climate gases during a certain period and this right can be sold on a market .	dy
The advantages are that the authorities can set a ceiling on all emissions .	dy
Businesses that are obligated by a quota can then choose whether they want to buy those quotas they need or introduce measures to reduce emissions .	de
Measures about emissions-how much all of those obligated by a quota can emit .	de
This mechanism can already be used-and before 2008 , too .	dy
Following the presidential vote in Zimbabwe , there is just one thing Robert Mugabe can not be reproached for , and that is having made a secret of his determination to stay in power by every possible means .	dy
It can only rise to meet it by making some radical changes .	dy
One can easily talk in a similar manner of the racial discrimination in the United States which is becoming more serious with the passage of time .	dy
I can never forget what I saw that day as long as I live . ''	dy
But the greatest attention is paid to the fate of the civilian population : In principle , the latter can never be the object of a military operation .	dy
Hence you can hardly speak of a '' targeting error '' when a Red Cross warehouse , although clearly recognizable by the large red cross painted on the roof , was shelled twice by US aircraft .	dy
Such a building enjoys the highest possible protection , and can and should never be the object of an attack , unless it is clearly established that it is being used for military purposes .	dy
Transporting these people , shackled hand and foot and with hoods over their heads , shaving their beards -- which form part of their religious identity -- and their '' accommodation '' in half-open and cages that are much too small can probably never pass this test ...	dy
Because press freedom -- the jewel of the US Constitution -- can be restricted for reasons of national security .	dy
Foreigners suspected of maintaining -LRB- loose -RRB- ties with terrorist organizations can be detained indefinitely .	dy
The need for timely and accurate information about possible new attacks is naturally particularly great , but whether the global ban on torture can be abused on that account is another matter .	dy
Through that , the United States can detain and try anybody who is not a US citizen and who is suspected of being a member of al-Qa'ida or of being involved in international terrorism in one way or another .	dy
Only special military commissions can try them .	de
If it emerges that the person concerned can not be removed from British territory because he is in serious danger in his own country , he can be detained almost indefinitely under this law .	dy
If it emerges that the person concerned can not be removed from British territory because he is in serious danger in his own country , he can be detained almost indefinitely under this law .	dy
The Convention also sets out various claims that can be made by states who have suffered damages as a result of other states ' space projects .	dy
This section allows states who have suffered damages to claim compensation through the International Claims Commission , which acts as the representative of the appellant state against the launching state -LRB- in this case Australia -RRB- or any other international organisation which can be classed as a launching state .	dy
If a deadlock in negotiations occurs , the parties can ask the UN Claims Commission as a neutral party to act as adjudicator .	dy
Indonesia can exploit this principle of the Space Treaty 1967 .	dy
But the problem is , who can ensure that these guidelines will indeed be adhered to ?	dy
The time has come , gentlemen , for Sharon , the assassin , to realize that injustice can not last long .	dy
Apart from this , we can not talk about the settlement of the Middle East issue .	dy
Convinced that the United States can never abandon it completely , Israel is dragging its feet on the withdrawal of troops citing a variety of excuses .	dy
The ill effects of the Argentine crisis can contaminate the nearest countries first , like Paraguay , Uruguay and Bolivia .	dy
One can not ignore the fact that , only 20 years ago , all these countries - including Brazil and Peru - were ruled by generals .	dy
The amount of money issued thus winds up being a function of these variables , not a target in itself , so that monetary policy can be used as a tool for promoting economic recovery .	dy
If an agreement is reached with the IMF and economic conditions improve , the timetable will likely be moved forward so that people can get cash .	dy
It can not be credited to demand deposit accounts .	de
Therefore , it can be used only to purchase items such as cars and apartments .	de
The big drawback to this system is that hardly anyone will be willing to sell real estate for peso-denominated installment checks that can be cashed sometime in the future .	dy
They can be used , though , for smaller transactions or to pay for part of a purchase .	dy
'' The rest of the world needs to be with us , because such weapons can be targeted on them as well as on us . ''	dy
My fist carries a force , which can make one tumble and roll over 77 times , '' Mugabe boasted in a recent rally .	dy
France 's Foreign Ministry spokesman Francois Rivasseau said that Zimbabwe 's '' election can not be considered as substantially free and fair . ''	dy
Germany 's Foreign Ministry spokesman Andreas Michaelis said that '' all information points to the fact it can not be assumed there were equal chances for the candidates in this election . ''	dy
You can count on that .	dy
It just can not be that one country reaps all the benefits of mock globalisation but does not take any responsibility for the biggest global problem we are facing today .	dy
They can run but they can not hide , he said .	dy
They can run but they can not hide , he said .	dy
Besides , he said , each prisoner has a '' Koran '' and can even receive a mat for prayer .	de
Thus , the United States can not simply consider this issue as '' contradiction between the enemy and itself , '' it must also consider international relations .	dy
The prisoners in the orange one-piece overall not only can not move freely , but they may not be able to breathe normally .	de
The Central Bank has not yet explained what transfers can be made or what the authorization rules will be for these transactions .	de
Until it does so , the wholesale market , which is the one that can stand up to the Central Bank , is going to remain closed , '' explained one trader at a front-line bank .	dy
'' You ca n't live with this level of hysteria , '' said Jorge , a 67-year old retiree who in all his years can not recall a comparable situation .	dy
'' You ca n't live with this level of hysteria , '' said Jorge , a 67-year old retiree who in all his years can not recall a comparable situation .	dy
'' Cavallo can not say 'take it or leave it , ' as in the local swap , '' noted the source , as an example .	dy
Committed '' The West ca n't do anything about Zimbabwe as long as the people of Zimbabwe are committed to see this country prosper .	dy
We should continue with our business as usual and we ca n't expect the Commonwealth to say something positive about Zimbabwe when its head is the Queen , '' Dr Chivaura said .	dy
It is easy to paint a bad picture because one can do it even with eyes closed since one would have been paid to do so , '' the sources said .	dy
'' We can not accept it by any means .	dy
'' We think this plan can not be an ' alternative ' to Kyoto Protocol because it would allow the current greenhouse gas emissions of the United States to increase by around 30 % compared to 1990 level in 2010 , '' the letter said .	dy
The announcement of a plan that is supposedly an alternative to the Kyoto Protocol , but which in practice rejects it in a way that can not be taken seriously by the countries who committed themselves to it -LRB- among which is Brazil -RRB- , only deserves rejection in response and to provoke in retrospect an enormous concern about what the only world superpower intends in future .	de
The American society is a dynamic , changing one that can be swayed if presented with the right message on a consistent basis .	dy
A strong case can be made for change in the American foreign policy at the grassroots level .	dy
I believe much more can be accomplished if closer attention is paid to the potential for change from within America .	dy
You can never be too sure about what you are communicating .	dy
One can imagine how Rumsfield , who is ordinarily so sure of himself and of his jokes , might have gone off his rocker once and , for an hour , could have ranted and raved against the '' hyperbole , '' the exaggeration that , according to him , marked the reactions generated by this photograph , and reminded the world about the degree to which the US attitude was '' humane , legal , and proper . ''	dy
Since President Bush envisions using all options , however , we can not deny the possibility that the United States may take military actions .	de
In the case of military actions against Iran on the other hand , it also seems that '' judging from the lessons we learned from the Gulf War , Japan , which relies on the crude oil from the Middle East , can not refuse offering cooperation , '' -LRB- said a Defense Agency source -RRB- .	de
It can be said that the Japanese Government has put itself in a difficult position .	dy
However , it is unclear whether Japan can actually prevent the US from taking military action .	dy
'' People who love freedom understand that we can not allow nations that are n't transparent , nations with a terrible history , nations that are so dictatorial they 're willing to starve their people , we ca n't allow them to mate up with terrorist organizations , '' Bush said .	de
In Berlin , Germany 's chief government spokesman Uwe-Karsten Heye told journalists , '' The federal government can not imagine that the United States government has an interest in engaging in an adventure '' in Iraq .	de
'' America 's rulers have proved that they can not be trusted , '' he said .	de
The reason is that South Korea 's industrial structure depends heavily on the export of products including not only durable appliances such as air conditioner but also automobiles all of which should meet intensified environmental standards before they can be shipped overseas under the Protocol .	de
Under this situation , the nation can not possibly avoid pressures to match the cuts of advanced nations .	de
The walls , if that is what you can call them , are made of wire fencing .	de
The prisoners shelter as best they can from the heat , which never goes below the 30 degree Celsius mark even in winter .	dy
It was chosen first and foremost because it is not US territory and thus no claim can be laid to the rights that the US Constitution guarantees to all prisoners , including foreigners .	de
And second , you can only get into or out of the base on board a US Armed Forces helicopter .	de
The Department of Defense , whose budget was increased by 19 percent last year , received even more for the fiscal year 2002/2003 , which means that it can use a sum comparable to the amount from the times of the cold war confrontation .	de
Deputy Minister Aminzadeh repeatedly said , '' In view of current strong conservative factions assuming a rigid stance against the United States , we can not speak openly of improving relations with the United States , but reformist President Seyed Mohammad Khatami does not desire a confrontation with the United States . ''	de
If conditions do not change , there is no way Japan can assume a defensive stand . ''	de
However , such a scenario can be assured success only if it is underpinned by President Bush 's '' policy of not excluding a variety of options '' inclusive of military action .	dy
However , according to a Liberal Democratic Party -LRB- LDP -RRB- Diet member who is an expert in defense issues , Prime Minister Koizumi 's statements concerning actions to be taken in response to the '' Axis of Evil '' can be viewed as definitely encompassing a '' promise to collaborate on the premise that overseas military actions would be possible . ''	dy
In terms of strength , these three countries can not be mentioned in the same breath as Germany , Italy , and Japan in the 1940 's .	de
Of course , China will not concur with the United States ' position , but it appears that the United States is trying to strengthen relations so that it can always convey a clear message to the Chinese side .	dy
We can only tackle climate change effectively through a multi-lateral process .	dy
I am convinced that improving the environment through technological progress can actually enhance our competitiveness and economic growth .	dy
In the actual situation we are discussing , the issue is the privileges ensured by the Convention : according to that act , no detained combatant can be forced to reveal to the interrogator anything other than his name , rank , military serial number , and birth date .	de
Sometimes the criticism was unexpectedly tough : Kenneth Roth , executive director of Human Rights Watch , said '' the US Government can not choose to wage war in Afghanistan with guns , bombs and soldiers , and then assert the laws of war do not apply . ''	de
As for their possible repatriation , it can not be taken into consideration , as long as the war against terrorism is far from over .	de
'' The priority now is to unshackle the credit system , for there is no modern economy that can function without credit .	dy
Malan criticizes the stance taken by multilateral institutions like the IMF , who are asking for reforms in Argentina before the country can receive financial help .	de
He noted that the year since Sharon became Israel Prime Minister and his pursuit of a destructive , aggressive policy against the Palestinian people has '' proved that the conflict with the Palestinian people who cling to their national rights can not be settled by force . ''	dy
Bush hopes that Jiang Zemin would mediate with the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea on the US' behalf so that the United States can resume talks with the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea .	dy
That Bush chooses to increase contacts with China shows that it is impossible for the United States to deal with global issues alone , nor can it afford to ignore China 's major role in international affairs .	de
However , all the parties repeated with insistence that world climate protection can not be effective unless the United States takes measures that are comparable to these taken by Europe and Japan .	dy
This can hardly be described as ambitious as a 15 percent increase in energy efficiency was in any event expected given present productivity levels .	de
On the contrary , it can have a positive effect .	dy
The door remains wide open for the United States to return to the Kyoto process : The biggest emitter of greenhouse gases can not be relieved of its responsibilities for global climate protection .	de
Criticizing the policies of the government , Hatiboglu spoke as follows : '' With such a Prime Minister , this country can not be brought to prosperity ; it will just be dragged along .	dy
With these three musketeers -LRB- a reference to the three-party coalition government -RRB- , this country can only be dragged along , but wo n't get anywhere . ''	dy
Neither the United States nor Europe can count on them .	de
Israel 's impossible terms can not be met by a nation that is determined to preserve its dignity and national unity .	dy
It can not be anything but gangster-like logic for such a country to label other countries , which are dignified sovereign states and UN members , as an axis of evil .	de
The United States can never dampen or bend our unwavering will .	dy
Carl Pope , the director of the Sierra Club , considers for his part that the Bush Administration '' is sticking to the polluting policies that the energy industry asked for rather than taking the sensible steps that can protect our health . ''	dy
'' Too much blood was shed and much suffering endured to achieve our independence and regain our sovereignty for anyone to imagine that they can either dictate or intimidate us into submission , '' said Cde Mudenge .	de
Noting that President Chen Shui-bian has on many occasions expressed goodwill to mainland China , Tsai said so long as Beijing leaders can carefully mull the significance of Chen 's statements on cross-strait affairs , particularly the '' one China '' issue , there should be opportunities for the two sides to resume talks .	de
While meeting with the '' Committee of 100 '' delegation Monday , President Chen said '' one China '' is an issue that can be discussed in the future with mainland China .	de
Therefore , as a guardian of the ROC sovereignty , dignity and security , he can not accept the principle .	de
The '' computers '' are biological molecules , using DNA for software and enzymes for hardware , and can solve a billion mathematical problems a second .	dy
Artificial chips have reached their limits and ca n't get any smaller .	dy
But , say the scientists , tiny DNA strands can store huge amounts of information in minuscule space -- one cubic centimeter of DNA can store more information than a trillion CDs .	dy
But , say the scientists , tiny DNA strands can store huge amounts of information in minuscule space -- one cubic centimeter of DNA can store more information than a trillion CDs .	dy
Once the computer has dissected the entire input , it can determine whether the sequence appeared an even or odd number of times according to the last label -- the '' output '' .	dy
The computer can also do other calculations , such as checking whether the '' B '' sequence appears at least once , or at most once , by inserting different types of software DNAs .	dy
can anyone believe that the Arab world could approve of it ?	de
Shortly thereafter , the institution 's spokesman , Thomas Dawson , declared '' the -LRB- Argentine -RRB- authorities have to reach the program goals they set for themselves '' before they can get any more money .	de
Yet , over the past ten years , it has done everything it can to be considered one of the IMF 's good pupils .	dy
The buffer zones that Ariel Sharon intends to establish are an explicit admission that Israelis can no longer live by the sword , that the occupation is not working , and Israeli reprisals are not meeting with success .	dy
It can not integrate itself into the region , it is an alien seedling and , thus , it is better to isolate and fortify itself as a lowly outpost .	dy
But separation will not mean an end to the occupation and no Israeli government can provide security as long as it persists in its efforts to maintain its presence beyond Israel 's pre-1967 borders and to retain territories inhabited by millions of Palestinians .	dy
The only way out of the current spiral of violence is for Israel to limit itself to areas within which it can assume responsibility for its citizens ' security .	dy
Sharon has ensured that Israelis are rapidly absorbing the lesson that no place in Israel can be considered safe .	de
Does anybody believe that the intifada can end as long as Israel persists in the occupation of the territories and Palestinians are willing to die in large numbers to deny Israel that privilege ?	dy
Having marginalized their own leader , the CDU grandees can not afford to leave the chancellor candidate in the lurch as well .	de
If anyone in their ranks can turn this to their advantage , it is Mr. Stoiber .	dy
Nonetheless , he will be made to realize that he can not command the CDU , that his power base lies in Munich and not in Berlin , and that the invitation of kingmakers to accept the crown comes at a cost .	dy
Nor will Mr. Stoiber have any illusions of what it means to lead an election campaign , although he can be confident in the knowledge that what is at stake is not Edmund Stoiber , nor the Union , but Germany as a whole .	de
'' So although our international staff went back to Kabul and hope to go back to the other places ... one can not say it is safe in the country and secure enough .	de
The minister further said that since the communication channels between Taiwan and the United States have been operating smoothly , MOFA can fully grasp any possible developments .	dy
It can only be said that this is nothing more than an embellishment and fundamentally can not accomplish anything .	de
It can only be said that this is nothing more than an embellishment and fundamentally can not accomplish anything .	dy
It is not possible that the Republican Party will get along with China , Taiwan can again wait for a little while .	de
Third , questions can be asked about the emission restrictions that would be achieved by the covenants .	de
However , if they wish to emit more -LRB- because , for instance , their output is increasing considerably -RRB- , they can do so provided that they purchase the necessary emission rights from companies which have a surplus of rights .	de
The great advantage of negotiable emission rights in that the system can lead to a cost-efficient division of effort among all sectors and target groups .	dy
'' But when I think of my duties as prime minister , I ca n't visit one country and not go to the other , or stay in one country for three days and stay in the other for only a day .	de
'' Of course , if I step down as prime minister , I can visit one country for a week each , '' he said .	de
He can not be heard to defend the current constitution , which has been roundly condemned by all .	de
It is a legitimate struggle which Mugabe can not dismiss as a Western imperialist ploy because its demands are clear and unambiguous : a more democratic system of government , a more democratic framework for conducting elections , an expanded Bill of Rights and so on .	de
Brazil can not stand by with its hands folded just watching all of this , '' Genoino affirmed .	de
I hope that this can alert the Brazilian Government to revise its relationship with the IMF . ''	dy
Analysts : Lack of Alternative for Power Political scientists agree : Argentina lacks a political force that can stand up to Peronism and Radicalism .	dy
For the political scientist , Argentina can not wait for assistance from the American Government .	de
It can carry two to three astronauts and continue to cruise in space for more than 20 days .	dy
The solar energy batteries usually can not meet the needs of numerous equipment on a spaceship .	dy
An informed source has said that it can be seen that the designs for China 's manned spaceflight have taken into consideration future modifications .	dy
Sharon neither can nor will give up the occupied territories , and so he would be unmasked in the eyes of the whole world as the man standing in the way of peace in the Middle East .	de
The action that is currently taking place can at best only throw the terrorist groups off balance for a time .	dy
It can not solve the Israeli people 's security problems , because the root of the terrorism is the Israeli occupation and the Israeli settlements on occupied territory .	dy
Military superiority can not solve problems that are fundamentally of a political nature .	dy
In Mr. Gudkov 's view , everything is developing well , we can take our time , and we can do nothing at all , since global warming is a threat only to the southern countries .	de
In Mr. Gudkov 's view , everything is developing well , we can take our time , and we can do nothing at all , since global warming is a threat only to the southern countries .	de
The gist is that , according to the Kyoto terms , quotas can be sold , that is , if you have fewer emissions than your neighbor , then you have every reason to strike an advantageous deal .	de
Some of the participants took the line that this is an extremely useful for Russia , which has '' hot air '' -LRB- that is , it is 30 percent short of the permitted level of CO2 emissions -RRB- , and the country can become the dominant seller in the market ; consequently , it has a greater stake than anyone in the ratification of the Kyoto Protocol .	dy
He described the opinion that Russia can gain from perturbations of the climate as false .	dy
If a country fails to use up its quota , it can sell the '' surplus . ''	de
We can visit other countries in Asia and Africa , '' he said at a rally in Nkayi .	de
Militarily Israel can win the war against the Palestinians because of its strength ; politically -- in the eyes of the world 's public -- it looks different .	dy
The question arises for the Israeli Labor Party of how long it can still justify a coalition with Sharon .	dy
A lasting solution to the conflict can only be achieved with the principle of '' land for peace '' determined at the Madrid Conference in 1991 .	dy
'' One can not neglect the fact that BiH , as member of the United Nations , is obliged to strictly respect the UN resolution dated September 28 last year , which obliges UN members to cooperate on the plan of exchange of information and cooperation on prevention of terrorist activities , '' read a statement from the team .	de
'' They -LRB- the prisoners -RRB- can hear nothing , smell nothing , feel nothing , '' the middle-market tabloid said .	dy
'' For us there can not be special courts .	de
A Foreign Office spokesman said : '' I can confirm a team of British officials are in the process of visiting the detainees at Guantanamo Bay .	de
The choice of a currency can never be reduced to a simple act of political will .	dy
Looking back one can see a general lack of vigilance .	dy
'' This should insure that we can recover the sums involved , that in the prospect of another space trip . ''	dy
Once the main Soviet airbase during Moscow 's 1979-89 invasion of Afghanistan , Bagram has now become the hub for flights into the country as Kabul 's own airport can not be used because of unexploded US bombs .	dy
It is good , you can see they -LRB- the Americans -RRB- are here , '' he said smiling .	dy
We can understand this as an immediate military objective , but nothing will be achieved by the operation politically .	dy
According to the US administration , they can be tried outside US territory before secret military courts and they can be condemned , even to death , without the assurance of having been found guilty '' beyond all reasonable doubt '' .	de
According to the US administration , they can be tried outside US territory before secret military courts and they can be condemned , even to death , without the assurance of having been found guilty '' beyond all reasonable doubt '' .	de
The US Association of Legal Professionals is of the opinion that these military tribunals can not pass sentence on any crimes other than those derived from violations of the right to war .	de
Humanitarian organizations , however , believe that the Geneva Convention can be applied to these prisoners and that it states that they must be treated humanely and be subject to other rights in the place that has been baptized '' Camp X-Ray '' , in allusion to the building of the covered sheds with barbed wire in place of walls -LRB- that house the prisoners -RRB- .	de
Moreover , Chen said , Taiwan can from now on conduct trade and economic exchanges with all other WTO members under the principles of equality , fairness and reciprocity .	de
He believes that '' in any negotiation there may be someone who tries to impose conditions by cheating '' and said that in the case of Argentina , '' the cheaters were the IMF , '' who '' praised the policies -LRB- of the last decade -RRB- and held them up as an example '' and now '' they can not tell us that they did not know what was going on . ''	de
'' I think there must be reasonable things '' in the agreement the country reaches with the IMF , Diaz Bancalari said , and then he asserted that '' Argentina is a country in which one can do good business , but what they must know is that there is no more room for shady deals . ''	dy
They are Taliban , and perhaps members of al-Qa'ida , but nobody can say so with certainty because their names are not known , and there are no formal charges .	de
As for the hospital masks , it is highly unlikely that tuberculosis can spread in open places . ''	dy
Morton Haplerin , from the Council for Foreign Relations , said : '' It is clear that the United States sees Guantanamo as a place where it can gather persons caught in all parts of the world .	de
Also , the Venezuelan President 's return to power once again showed that if rulers are endorsed and supported by the people , the people 's determination can affect decisions and that the people 's presence on the scene can prevent rules and decisions with which they totally disagree .	dy
Also , the Venezuelan President 's return to power once again showed that if rulers are endorsed and supported by the people , the people 's determination can affect decisions and that the people 's presence on the scene can prevent rules and decisions with which they totally disagree .	dy
Turkey and Greece can cooperate in many fields like they have been doing so within structure of the Black Sea Economic Cooperation -LRB- BSEC -RRB- .	dy
This will show that they can convey the message of peace to the third countries .	dy
'' We can not stand on the sidelines of this global tendency , '' the Kazakh president said .	de
For many reasons , the occupation of Palestinian towns can not last , so the Zionist forces will have to withdraw from these towns sooner or later .	dy
The conclusion to which we come is that the Zionist and US administrations have aggravated the Zionist entity 's historical impasse through the crime they have committed together when they had the illusion that '' force '' can break the Palestinian people 's will and impose on this people what other means failed to impose .	dy
In relation to the first ambiguity , Powell 's words definitely can not be taken seriously , considering that precisely Washington is the one that has been practicing a one-sided approach to the events in the Middle East for 18 months now and it was the chief opponent of the positioning of peace troops between the two warring sides .	de
With an average $ 3 billion military aid for Israel and a strong Jewish lobby at home , the Untied States can not play any other role in the Middle East conflict but protector of the Israeli state .	de
From the vantage point of Latin America and the Caribbean , there can be no doubt about the United States ' complicity with the military and civilian authors of the abortive coup d'etat against Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez .	de
If it turns out to be true that the two US colonels were involved in the failed attempt , there can be no other conclusion .	de
Hence one can see that it is not to be surprised that the United States chimed in with the Venezuela 's coup organizers .	dy
This is why one can not dismiss the effects of the intensification of the Middle East crisis , Iraq 's initiative in using crude oil as a political weapon against Washington and the debate on an extensive oil embargo against the supporters of Israel on the events of the past few days in Venezuela as well as America 's support for the putschists there .	de
He explained to The Jordan Times that '' in Jordan , we conclusively believe that development can not be achieved unless the environment is protected . ''	dy
I can not imagine anything as beautiful as that . ''	dy
He said he had seen the most magnificent sunset and sunrise over Africa , at which Mbeki asked him to bring pictures '' so that we can know what we look like to you from up there '' .	dy
Although the White House and the Pentagon have denied supporting the oppositions in Venezuela to stage this coup , the world will not be easily fooled as it can judge from the several official statements made by the US Government both before and after the coup .	dy
Ground corn , known locally as '' mealie meal , '' is the staple diet of millions of Zimbabweans who can afford little else .	dy
After a few days , he decides if they can be allowed to buy grain from the GMB . ''	de
'' It is a case of take what you can while you can . ''	dy
'' It is a case of take what you can while you can . ''	dy
'' The international community can support us so far , but it can never remove the shackles of repression , '' he said .	dy
'' The international community can support us so far , but it can never remove the shackles of repression , '' he said .	dy
One can not assume that Israel will act under the pressure of deeds and oversights that are often tainted with a significant degree of hypocrisy .	de
People become ill in seven or eight years , therefore , doctors can not monitor all who have contracted the infection , '' he said .	dy
'' We hope it can be ended as soon as possible , '' Syed Hamid told AFP in an interview here ahead of a ministerial gathering of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation -LRB- APEC -RRB- forum .	dy
Islamic countries are with the US in combatting terrorism but we do n't want it to be prolonged because it can create trouble and instability all around the Islamic world , '' he said .	dy
'' Over the long term , we have to look at how terrorism manifests itself and have an international convention where terrorism is properly defined and where it is considered as a crime against humanity so there can be a proper tribunal . ''	dy
'' One can not be too philosophical or idealistic about civil liberties when they can jeopardise peace and security , law and order in a country . ''	de
'' One can not be too philosophical or idealistic about civil liberties when they can jeopardise peace and security , law and order in a country . ''	dy
But unfortunately there is little one can do about it .	dy
But they can not be any real talk of success until the broad strategy against terrorism begins to bear fruit .	de
The whole operation against terrorism can have positive but also unintentionally negative effects on the international stage .	dy
'' One can say this with a large degree of confidence as , in the past two months , Khattab has not made his presence obvious in any way - he has n't been on air , and actions by militants in the region controlled by Khattab are uncoordinated too .	de
One can not underestimate the significance of the fact that Russia has opened its airspace .	de
The minister went on to say that although mainland China is squeezing Taiwan 's development space in the world community with its huge resources and strong diplomacy , the ROC can still break through its difficulties as long as it implements democracy and obtains the support of overseas Chinese communities .	dy
'' March appears to be a more reasonable estimate while earlier admission can not be entirely ruled out , '' according to Chen , also Taiwan 's chief WTO negotiator .	de
`` Weapons can not prevent Taiwan from reuniting with China , '' he told Thai and Chinese media last week .	dy
Lin noted that Taiwan is one of the ICFTU founders and that its participation in the ILO can serve as a model for Taiwan to take part in international activities .	dy
It can safely be claimed that the events in Genoa have influenced -LCB- overshadowed -RCB- the very conferences in New York and Bonn ;	de
As regards the recent conference -LRB- Bonn Meeting -RRB- , although the past gatherings like the Hague meeting and Kyoto conference have proved to be failed experiences , nevertheless as the climatic and atmospheric crises are growing more serious , one can be optimistic and hopeful about the success of such protocols and pacts , and implementation of the agreements , even though they are not protected by any sanctions .	dy
As regards the recent conference -LRB- Bonn Meeting -RRB- , although the past gatherings like the Hague meeting and Kyoto conference have proved to be failed experiences , nevertheless as the climatic and atmospheric crises are growing more serious , one can be optimistic and hopeful about the success of such protocols and pacts , and implementation of the agreements , even though they are not protected by any sanctions .	de
