Even local observers could not enter these stations , '' she said .	de
But how could Blair have '' a Commonwealth report '' when no one else had received such a report that should be channeled through the Secretariat to all members , asked one of the other 53 Commonwealth leaders at the retreat ?	ep
But the detention by US forces of Australian Taliban fighter David Hicks has provoked tensions that could fray the bilateral goodwill .	ep
But some 400 foreign detainees - who are being held without charges in Cuba and Afghanistan - and could face US military tribunals .	ep
WASHINGTON - On the face of things , it is hard to see how any reasonable person could object to the '' war '' the United States is now waging against international terrorism and terrorist regimes .	ep
The 18-metre arm , which is powerful enough to lift entire station modules , was also rewired so it could draw power through the S-0 truss .	dy
No one can estimate the costs or benefits of developing novel energy sources because , if new knowledge could be known in advance , it would n't be new .	dy
The statement listed what it said were essential rights that could not be hollowed out because of the fight against terrorism .	de
The new residents ' form-fitting seat liners for the lifeboat had to be carried over and installed , and their space suits tucked away , before they could call space station Alpha home .	dy
Russian Yuri Onufrienko could n't wait to take over as space station commander from American Frank Culbertson .	dy
You could understand the outrage if the U.S. military were torturing or otherwise mistreating the detainees .	dy
How could anybody say we 're treating anybody wrong ?	ep
Chavez was being held at the army base while investigators decide what charges he could face , said army commander Gen. Efrain Vasquez Velasco .	de
Chavez was being held at the army base while investigators decide what charges he could face , said army commander Gen. Efrain Vasquez Velasco .	ep
'' The climate of insecurity obtaining in Zimbabwe since the 2000 parliamentary elections was such that the electoral process could not be said to adequately comply with the norms and standards for elections in the SADC region , '' the forum said in a statement .	dy
'' If the people of Zimbabwe have a sense that they have been cheated through the election process , it is possible that some could resort to violence , '' said the foreign minister , Alexander Downer .	ep
Yesterday -LRB- 07 January -RRB- , the National Institute of Radiation Protection -LRB- SSI -RRB- announced that it could not exclude the possibility of people who had come into contact with the container suffering acute health effects from radiation .	dy
The SSI is now attempting to trace people who could have been exposed to the radiation leak .	ep
There were already several suppositions that Hugo Chavez may recover the position , but nobody could suppose the recovery would be so quick .	dy
Neither supporters nor opponents of Chavez could be seen in the streets during the days of the coup .	dy
At the same time , when the Chinese von Broun managed to reach China , there were other bearers of fresher secrets there from the country , which could '' launch ambassador Liu Xiao into space . ''	dy
He added the boycott could create the impression that the NGOs were acting out of self interest and are not honest about championing human rights .	ep
Stanley Kao , director of MOFA 's North American Affairs Department , made the remarks amid mounting concerns about the possibility that the United States could compromise Taiwan 's interests in exchange for mainland China 's cooperation in the current US-led war on global terrorism .	ep
The identity of the slain militants could not be ascertained .	dy
A militant whose identity could not be ascertained was killed in an encounter with the troops at Mutgala -LRB- Gool -RRB- today .	dy
He repeatedly said that the occupation of the Palestinian territories could lead to corruption in Israel and would only create scandals for the regime .	ep
The two said they had no knowledge of the arrival of French arms in the country but said France sold arms to several African countries which could in turn re-sell them to other countries .	ep
The first secretary at the Namibian High Commission in Harare , Mati Jose , said he had no knowledge of Namibia helping Zimbabwe to bust the arms embargo while the DRC 's ambassador to Zimbabwe Mawapanga Mwanananga could not be reached for comment .	dy
Khatami and Chavez agreed that ' Dialogue Among Civilizations ' could serve to mitigate clashes of civilizations and would also ensure a durable peace .	dy
As Christiansen explains , ' if Venezuelans did not see unemployment as a problem that could be solved , they would not blame it on Chavez ' incapacity .	dy
Finally , the Consultores 21 analyst notes that today , the number of extreme Chavez opponents -LRB- 42 percent -RRB- is larger than that of extreme Chavez supporters -LRB- 18 percent -RRB- , which could bring about a confrontation for power .	ep
He stated that the international anti-terror alliance could not be turned into a base on which to take some actions in opposition to other countries .	de
Every effort is called for to prevent the US action that could cause great misfortune to the whole mankind .	ep
What is there about a coup against the constitutional order that could resemble the most important day in Venezuelan history ?	ep
The factional infighting has raised fears that long-standing ethnic rivalries could again split the country after the defeat of the Taliban .	ep
First off , Bush could have brought discipline to his administration in connection with the case of Argentina .	ep
The Argentine Government wants fresh funds in order to reschedule its debt , funds that could come from the International Monetary Fund or the US Treasury itself .	ep
How could the United States be asked to do such a thing if Argentina was unable to show a modicum of internal political discipline in advance ?	dy
For most people it will of course be difficult to mobilize any great degree of understanding for those responsible for the bloody terrorism in the United States on that day in September , but what is at issue here is that at the present moment principles are at stake that could have far-reaching repercussions for the future war against terrorism .	ep
'' This could of course become necessary if a Dane were involved .	ep
Miller remarked that the worldwide economic slowdown has shrunk the demand for energy sources , which could lead the independent producers , including Mexico , to operate in coordination with the oil cartel .	ep
The PNP , which believes it was a case of mistaken identity , could not explain why it took the gang two hours to know the identity of the lady .	dy
The USA refuses to admit that these detainees are prisoners of war because , under the Convention , they would have the right not to answer any questions except to give their name and rank , they could not be tried except for war crimes and they would have to be repatriated after the war ends .	de
They responded that three out of ten blacks could not find job or have been denied responsible positions in the workplace simply because they were blacks and eight out of ten blacks and two thirds of the Latinos and Asians said they had suffered persecution and had been subjected to abusive language .	dy
The problem is , this large-scale project right in our own backyard could not only potentially cause space debris consisting of bits of rocket , fuel and satellites to fall into Indonesian territory , but will also disrupt flights and shipping .	ep
Even more worrying is the possibility that a space station could be transformed into a military base and pose a threat to Indonesia 's national sovereignty .	ep
As the nation most likely to suffer the impact of the Australian Space Port , Indonesia could rely on the simplest article in the Liability Convention , Section 14 .	ep
He has called for helping aggressive Israel to put a traitorous agent at the head of the Palestinian Authority , who could accept its terms to '' assassinate ' the rights of Palestinians .	ep
Ben Eliezer 's raving coincided with the arrival of his assassin boss Sharon to Washington to take part in exerting pressures on the US administration , and persuade it that removing Arafat could bring about the Palestinian surrender , and halt violence as he calls it .	ep
Sharon and Ben Eliezer never stopped to consider that no patriotic Palestinian could accept to serve as a substitute agent to Israel .	ep
In terms of the Commonwealth 's mandate , action against Zimbabwe could range from collective disapproval to suspension .	ep
No reason was provided why Mbeki could not attend .	dy
Foreign Minister Celso Lafer transmitted a warning to United States Secretary of State Colin Powell , with whom he spent 30 minutes yesterday , from the Brazilian Government : without help from the US , Argentina could enter a state of social rebellion and open a new front of geopolitical instability in South America .	ep
Without US help , via the IMF , the country will not be able to attain the most basic economic , social and political stability , and could contaminate the subcontinent , Lafer warned . -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- '' La plata '' or social rebellion Foreign Minister Celso Lafer carried a dramatic warning from President Fernando Henrique Cardoso to the US Government .	ep
Cavallo could think of nothing better than the curbs on withdrawals .	dy
The danger , which the economic team is aware of , is that any additional money withdrawn will go straight into purchases of dollars since this could represent the percentage of income that an individual is able to save .	ep
An arrangement with an attractive implicit interest rate could also be devised .	dy
Police interrogators were told the refugees had been '' parked '' and were working illegally in northern Germany until they could be moved to other locations .	ep
The Democrats continue to close ranks behind the president on the war against terrorism , and to mention an '' axis of evil '' could help strengthen an atmosphere of national unity that would suit the president when he announces other points in his budget policy with which not everyone might agree .	ep
It would only be in a later stage that Belgium could imagine providing assistance to the person who claims to be one of its citizens .	ep
This was a common scene , as savers could avoid long lines this way .	ep
Hence , when investors saw that the dollar was trading at between 1.9 and 2.3 pesos , they began selling off their shares to make as much profit as they could .	dy
But when the greenback failed to achieve its expected value , investors who bought shares at a specific price started selling to earn some spread before the dollar could go lower .	dy
Some specialists feel that '' anything could happen '' this week , but the trend is downward .	ep
The source added : '' As an adviser , he could be very useful , but the relationship with Merrill Lynch bothers many other creditors . ''	ep
Observers from the 14-member Southern Africa Development Community 's -LRB- Sadc -RRB- Parliamentary Forum , which was financed by the European Union after it was kicked out of the country , said : '' The electoral process could not be said to have adequately complied with the norms and standards for elections in the Sadc region . ''	dy
In terms of the Commonwealth 's mandate , action against Zimbabwe could range from collective disapproval to suspension should it be decided that Mugabe was returned to power undemocratically .	ep
Bush 's Asian trip could serve as a turning point for his government 's North Korea policy .	ep
That means the Al Qaeda suspects could not be tried in the special military tribunals whose rules are currently being worked out , but only by regular US military courts using the Uniform Code of Military Justice .	dy
But Saudi or Egyptian detainees , for example , could face mistreatment at the hands of their governments , which means Washington would be forbidden by international law to hand them over .	ep
The first problem pointed out by critics is that Bush has created a new concept , that of '' greenhouse gas intensity , '' which could be defined as the volume of gas emissions divided by GDP .	dy
Therefore , that so-called 18 percent reduction in greenhouse gas emissions could , in fact , represent a real increase in the absolute quantity of such gases .	ep
Technical arguments could go on an on , and matter little here .	ep
But the consequences of the divorce between the US and the international community in the Kyoto Protocol case could be even more serious .	ep
Although it is difficult to imagine that the American foreign policy towards Arab issues could become worse than what it has been , my sense is that it will be much more difficult to argue the Arab viewpoint in the American decision-making quarters .	ep
It was once hoped that a well-organised Arab and Muslim community in the United States could curb the attacks on Arabs and Muslims in the media and start to do what Arab and Muslim governments had not done by injecting the Arab viewpoint into the American political discourse .	dy
Such could be the lesson drawn by the Pentagon and the White House from the hue and cry that has been provoked in the world by the release of the now famous photographs of blinded , gagged , chained , and kneeling prisoners in their enclosure at the Guantanamo camp .	ep
But , however , they were under medical supervision , their heads shaved , and enjoying hygienic and food conditions that were very superior to what they could have known in Afghanistan .	dy
One can imagine how Rumsfield , who is ordinarily so sure of himself and of his jokes , might have gone off his rocker once and , for an hour , could have ranted and raved against the '' hyperbole , '' the exaggeration that , according to him , marked the reactions generated by this photograph , and reminded the world about the degree to which the US attitude was '' humane , legal , and proper . ''	ep
But Baghdad insisted Sunday it could not be a threat to the United States .	dy
'' Even if Iraq possessed such weapons , it could not threaten the United States .	dy
How could it threaten a country that possesses weapons of mass destruction that could destroy entire planets ? ''	ep
How could it threaten a country that possesses weapons of mass destruction that could destroy entire planets ? ''	ep
The German government spokesman said it would be '' useful '' if UN observers could enter Iraq again to check for weapons of mass destruction .	de
Kharazi said that some 150 foreigners arrested recently on Iran 's border with Pakistan were not members of the al-Qaeda terror network , but admitted some could be sympathisers and would be sent back to their home countries .	ep
A diplomatic source said the affair could become '' embarrassing '' for European countries , '' because of the insistence of the Americans on judging for themselves '' those who supported al-Qaeda .	ep
Afghan interim Interior Minister Yunus Qanooni told AFP that two suspects in last week 's murder of aviation and tourism minister Abdul Rahman had been arrested in Saudi Arabia and could be sent back to Afghanistan .	dy
The U.S. backed out of the agreement , saying its industries would be handicapped by stringent rules that developing countries could simply ignore .	de
Thus not only is it impossible to escape , but the humanitarian associations could never organize a protest rally in such a place .	dy
Predictably , their advice has fallen on stones because , whatever their suggestions , Mugabe could not care less , interested only in retaining power at any cost .	dy
No , it is not possible to yield to any form of terrorism or to try to justify it , but it is also apparent that any opportunistic selectivity could , in the final analysis , only jeopardize the success of the global war against it .	ep
By seeking weapons of mass destruction , these regimes pose a grave and growing danger , because they could provide these arms to terrorists , '' stated Bush .	ep
The same source expresses the concern that if Prime Minister Koizumi should retreat from his position in the future , '' Not only will he disappoint the United States , but the US' world strategy could be hobbled and lead to questions concerning the significance of the Japan-US alliance . ''	ep
We all know that even the targets in the Kyoto Protocol are only a first step if we want to prevent the severe consequences that climate change could have . ''	ep
According to his own assertions , the obvious concern of some Western European leaders -- US allies -- and of some important European governmental and non-governmental institutions about the treatment the detainees are being subjected to , especially following the publication of certain images of the Guantanamo Bay camp that could be interpreted in various ways , played a key role in this position .	ep
Therefore , even if Powell agrees with the refusal to grant prisoner-of-war status to the 158 captives , he believe that the US refusal to cover the captives under the Geneva Convention would set a precedent that could affect the fate of US soldiers sent out to risky areas of this planet .	ep
Cde Mugabe said there could never be any election anywhere in the world without any incident .	dy
The Arab argument of yesteryears was that peace could be established between Israel and the '' front-line '' states -- Lebanon , Syria , Jordan , Egypt and the Palestinians -- but the remaining Arab states are not obligated to establish diplomatic relations with Israel .	ep
Wu defended Taipei 's cautious approach , warning that Beijing could try to use the situation to gain the upper hand .	ep
Wu defended the government 's cautious approach warning that Beijing could try to use the situation to gain the upper hand .	ep
When he revisited the Great Wall , he could hardly hide his excitement .	dy
The European Union played a dominant role in these negotiations and the community of states concluded , at the Bonn and Marrakech conferences of July and October last year , an agreement that sets out how to implement the Kyoto Protocol and provides for an original mechanism for respecting the reduction obligations that could possibly serve as a model for other agreements and that suggests a possible strengthening of international institutional structures in the environmental field .	ep
Previously , Powell saw clearly that the antiterrorist chain could break if Iraq were attacked without the approval of the Europeans .	ep
Today he says action could be taken without considering the Europeans .	de
The differences could be resolved or a compromise could be reached .	dy
The differences could be resolved or a compromise could be reached .	dy
A TB expert , Dr Joel Kangangi , said one person infected with the bacteria could spread it to more than 10 people in a day .	ep
This is especially true after the Palestinian Authority -LRB- PA -RRB- carried out the difficult Israeli demands and arrested three individuals whom Israel accuses of assassinating Israeli Minister Rah'avam Ze'evi despite the ramifications that these arrests could have led to on the internal Palestinian arena .	ep
There is a possibility that the attack on the PA 's headquarters could expand into a larger operation .	ep
Researchers from the Weizmann Institute in Rehovot and the Technion in Haifa have developed a computer so tiny that a trillion of them could fit into a laboratory test tube .	dy
Such tiny devices could one day fit into cells and supervise biological processes , or even synthesize drugs .	ep
Some scientists believe DNA-based computers could have an advantage over existing computers based on silicon chips .	ep
Professor Shapiro and a growing number of other scientists believe DNA-based computers may lead to a number of useful applications -- they could be planted inside cells , where they would watch for irregularities or even synthesize drugs .	ep
Two basic principles could still , perhaps , make it possible .	ep
The Israeli ambassador in France , Elie Barnavi , recently made two contradictory statements : That all those who , like Nurit Peled , believe that the Sharon government is a '' government of death '' could easily fit into a telephone booth ... and that by their existence they constitute Israel 's very honor .	dy
The president could not take any risk of ruffling the republicans .	de
Unilateral separation without a negotiated agreement could be realized - only if Israel is willing to uproot around 100 settlements .	dy
The Union parties could not have wished for a better situation from which to launch their campaign .	ep
British troops remained on 48 hour stand-by but the situation was '' better than anybody could have hoped for '' , according to Mr Cook .	ep
However , night fell before the Alliance could secure the city , increasing the danger of militants fighting back .	dy
Secretary-General of the Presidential Office Chen Shih-meng said the U.S. has repeatedly assured Taiwan that Bush will stick to his commitments to help protect Taiwan and he will not do or say anything that could damage Taiwan 's interests while visiting mainland China .	dy
However some officials voiced concern that China could secure concessions on Taiwan in return for supporting Bush on issues such as anti-terrorism and prevention of nuclear arms proliferation .	ep
Thus the benchmark covenants could have very significant consequences for other sectors and target groups in our society , whereas the latter are not involved in the deliberations on those covenants .	ep
Thus the benchmark covenants could be reconciled with the European Commission 's recent proposals for launching a unified market for European carbon dioxide emissions by 2005 .	ep
However , the benchmark covenants could be opportune here for settling the initial allocation of emission rights .	ep
Companies could be allocated rights on the basis of an energy efficiency standard , on the condition that they are prepared to accept an absolute emissions ceiling .	ep
China urged the United States on Thursday to abide by the '' one China policy '' , warning that any act to trample upon the Sino-U.S. Joint Communiques could result in a '' very unfavorable '' impact on relations between the two countries .	ep
My view then , and indeed those of my colleagues , was that a democratic environment in which free and fair elections are the norm , and in which citizens enjoy real freedoms , could only be created if a new , democratic and people-driven constitution were put in place .	ep
My view then , and indeed those of my colleagues , was that a democratic environment in which free and fair elections are the norm , and in which citizens enjoy real freedoms , could only be created if a new , democratic and people-driven constitution were put in place .	dy
The 450ft long vessel Nisha , carrying 26,000 tonnes -LRB- metric tons -RRB- of raw sugar , was stopped on Friday morning -LRB- 21 December -RRB- amid fears it could be transporting noxious , hazardous or dangerous substances .	ep
He added that for that purpose they are seeking someone in the FAN -LRB- National Armed Forces -RRB- who could assume power in Venezuela .	dy
Chavez added that '' they are going around looking for a Pinochet , analyzing man by man to see who could be the Pinochet that they could pit against Chavez , and I am sure that there is no Pinochet in the FAN .	ep
Chavez added that '' they are going around looking for a Pinochet , analyzing man by man to see who could be the Pinochet that they could pit against Chavez , and I am sure that there is no Pinochet in the FAN .	ep
The cash equivalent could be several tens of billions of dollars .	ep
Blair has warned that the 54-member Commonwealth 's reputation could be damaged if it failed to take decisive action against Mugabe .	ep
The right-wing Mail on Sunday , which could normally be expected to support the United States over its '' war on terrorism '' , ran the photographs under the headline '' Tortured '' .	ep
In direct response , the Americans , who preach democracy to the entire planet , recognizing that they could no longer tolerate someone like Chavez reverted to their old bullying and dictatorial tactics and arranged for an army coup by several avowed pro-American generals , who managed to remove Chavez from power in a few short hours .	de
However , the Geneva-based ICRC did not know the number nor the nationality , he said following a comment on Thursday that there could have been French nationals among them .	ep
The United States earlier this week said British diplomats could have access to Britons held among the detainees , whose cramped and spartan conditions have caused much criticism among human rights groups around the world .	de
It was unrealistic to envisage that people who were suffering from lack of development , poverty , hunger and poor health could fully enjoy their human rights , several delegations stressed Wednesday to the Third Committee -LRB- Social , Humanitarian , Cultural -RRB- of the 56th UN General Assembly .	ep
It was unrealistic to envisage that people who were suffering from lack of development , poverty , hunger and poor health could fully enjoy their human rights , several delegations stressed Wednesday to the Third Committee -LRB- Social , Humanitarian , Cultural -RRB- of the 56th UN General Assembly .	dy
The representative of the United States said that despite the horrors of the terrorist attack , the international community could not truly win the war against terrorism unless human rights were protected .	ep
'' There could be no expediency , no compromise , no lapse in vigilance , '' he said .	ep
In Brussels on Wednesday -LRB- 28 November -RRB- , the French astronaut Claudie Haignere , who had just completed a flight in space together with the Russians that in every way was identical to the one scheduled for De Winne , could not find enough praise for our fellow citizen , with whom she trained for several months in Moscow .	dy
According to Belgian and international criminal law , they could be held responsible , '' Verhaeghe said .	ep
One would think that no politically prudent Israeli could support either of them .	ep
Spanish daily warns USA its treatment of suspects could alienate allies	ep
If the Bush administration is stubborn enough to persist with this attitude , it could cause a rift with a European public opinion that showed only solidarity and generosity after the terrorist attacks of 11 September .	ep
It could also alienate itself from a large part of its allies , even if , militarily speaking , Washington is conducting its campaign in virtual isolation .	ep
The legal application brought Wednesday could see the British government face charges under the Human Rights Act 1998 of '' aiding and abetting '' the United States in unlawfully detaining the men against United Nations guidelines .	ep
'' We could keep some of them for an undetermined period , they are dangerous individuals , '' announced Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld .	ep
Kenneth Roth , of Human Rights Watch , claims that this policy could offer a pretext to less democratic countries among those countries which are allies of the Americans , '' to suppress any domestic dissent . ''	ep
`` Recalling that the new tender law had enabled everyone to join public investment tenders , Dervis said that Greek investors could benefit from the law .	ep
However , it could be better .	ep
Touching on Taiwan 's WTO entry , Chen said Taiwan could not have smoothly entered the WTO if the United States government and Congress did not render their firm support to Taiwan 's bid for membership .	ep
The coup misjudged its strength and Carmona remaining in power could have led to a serious division of the armed forces .	ep
According to UAB Secretary General Fu'ad Shakir the size of money laundering worldwide ranges from 2 to 5 per cent of the world 's gross domestic product , which could run up to $ 1.5 trillion .	ep
The story could have devastating consequence for the Bush administration .	ep
Nobody who has a live conscience and human feelings , whether he is Palestinian or otherwise , could not have been moved by these events and expressed sympathy for the families of the US victims , regardless of the US political stances that are totally biased to Israel and Israel 's use of the most advanced US weapons to curb the Palestinian intifadah .	de
It has been reported that the United States had earlier held a secret meeting with a number of countries , promising to pay for their long due OPCW membership fees if they could vote according to the wish of the United States .	ep
As for Bustani , he hoped that Baghdad could become a member of the OPCW so that the United Nations could conduct arms inspections in the country .	ep
As for Bustani , he hoped that Baghdad could become a member of the OPCW so that the United Nations could conduct arms inspections in the country .	de
The head of the nuclear energy department at Bulgaria 's energy agency separately said he could not imagine a terrorist organisation making a bomb out of products from the reactors at the Kozlodui power station .	dy
For some time , European politicians have threatened to suspend economic ties with Israel -- a move , which in light of close and extensive trade relations between EU member states and Israel , could cause serious damage .	ep
Otherwise , the surging epidemic could turn into '' a national security threat , '' he said .	ep
The study also notes that the United States offered five million dollars -LRB- 5.4 million euros -RRB- to anyone who had information that could lead to Bin-Ladin 's arrest .	ep
US authorities have asked Interpol to organize a police team specialized in identifying victims , they said , refusing to comment further on the status of Interpol 's collaboration , saying , '' We do not want to do anything which could undermine FBI investigations . ''	ep
Malaysian Foreign Minister Syed Hamid Albar warned Tuesday that prolonged military attacks on Afghanistan could destabilise the Islamic world and reiterated calls for the US to end the campaign quickly .	ep
Syed Hamid said critics must also accept that the war against terrorism could affect civil liberties .	ep
In the battle against the new forms of terrorism that reached a tragic culmination on 11 September , a limited form of military violence could also not be ruled out .	dy
Moreover , Taleban fighters '' not stained with blood '' could be in this government , too , he said .	ep
A source in Russia 's Federal Security Service -LRB- FSB -RRB- said on Thursday that it could be stated '' with a large degree of confidence '' that Jordanian-born Chechen rebel warlord Khattab was killed in a Russian '' intelligence and combat operation . ''	ep
It amounted to much more than what one could have expected .	ep
The situation in which Putin has agreed to open former Soviet military airfields to American armed forces in three -LRB- former Soviet -RRB- Central Asian countries could be regarded as dramatic .	ep
After the Americans had promised everything good and nice , Putin remarked almost as an aside that the events in Chechnia '' could be interpreted only in the context of the struggle against international terrorism . ''	de
Nevertheless , one could not fail taking note of the fact that in the same response the United States called upon the Chechens to '' unconditionally and without delay to terminate every contact with international terrorist groups , '' and that they accept Putin 's offer to make peace .	dy
Under close scrutiny from civil rights groups , Rumsfeld has been studying how such trials could be held while protecting the rights of any defendants and keeping tight security over the US war on terrorism declared by Bush after the attacks .	dy
He said the decline in President Chen 's popularity could be attributed to the drop in the number of people favouring independence .	dy
But he opposed any steps that could plunge the country deeper into a recession that has already pushed unemployment , inflation and interest rates above 60 percent .	dy
The MDC leader also alleged that the Government was trying to provoke protests that could be used as an excuse to suspend democracy .	dy
The Germany-based auto giant recalled 150 ,000 Mercedes-Benz luxury cars throughout Europe and the Middle East on Friday to fix a defect that could cause the driver 's side air bag to deploy prematurely , the newspaper said .	dy
The publication quoted Wu Guoguang , a professor at Hong Kong University , as saying that any concessions by Washington on the Taiwan issue could trigger a defection of its Asian allies , including Japan , to Beijing 's fold .	ep
During the past weeks Europe and America witnessed the arrangement of important international conferences , which could on the one hand guarantee the peace and stability of the world , or could instead deteriorate the conditions .	ep
During the past weeks Europe and America witnessed the arrangement of important international conferences , which could on the one hand guarantee the peace and stability of the world , or could instead deteriorate the conditions .	ep
The Bonn Conference however , which dealt with the global environment and examined the condition of world climate , could be appraised as an exception and a relative success .	ep
Because , from the very start it could be predicted that on the subject of economic globalization , the developed and capitalist states were going to come across fierce opposition by dissident groups and the supporters of economic growth in poor countries .	dy
In view of the criticisms , which have been made , they could perhaps be also considered to be the representative of powerful corporations that have placed the whole `` world economy '' under their influence , and as a result of that they are also controlling the world of politics globally .	ep
In view of the criticisms , which have been made , they could perhaps be also considered to be the representative of powerful corporations that have placed the whole `` world economy '' under their influence , and as a result of that they are also controlling the world of politics globally .	de
could be addressed and appropriate , serious , and worthy measures for their solution could be adopted , the opportunity was very easily lost and the meetings flopped completely .	dy
could be addressed and appropriate , serious , and worthy measures for their solution could be adopted , the opportunity was very easily lost and the meetings flopped completely .	dy
could be addressed and appropriate , serious , and worthy measures for their solution could be adopted , the opportunity was very easily lost and the meetings flopped completely .	ep
could be addressed and appropriate , serious , and worthy measures for their solution could be adopted , the opportunity was very easily lost and the meetings flopped completely .	ep
He must rectify what could have been avoided .	dy
Incomplete or refused information , delays that could have been avoided , discrimination , lack of the right to defence . Citizens want to see good administration .	dy
This could work if the framework strategy were an integral part of the programme , as an annex to it .	dy
The Council and the Commission ought shortly to be coming back to Parliament with a report on what could be done .	dy
In particular , we could consider a compromise solution between our proposal to ban testing and your position to ban marketing , in other words , that of labelling requirements .	dy
When I asked the Sittings Directorate whether this could be done , they in fact said that the debate could not be conducted in this way .	dy
It could be done .	dy
If we could do this more often , everybody 's life would be simpler .	dy
could I also say to Mrs Green , as a final point , that some of her former party leaders were also very generous to my party when they came along to have discussions with them .	de
could I just take two minutes to explain why ?	de
That was only possible because this time the principle of concentration really could be applied successfully .	dy
" Who said you could use my crayons ? "	de
could we make it to the beach- side fiesta ?	dy
Besides , I didn not know that any female could do this to you .	dy
Did I say you could talk , Cherry ?	de
If they could , we could .	dy
I knew you could do it .	dy
I haven not met anyone yet that could do it .	dy
You did not believe that I could do it .	dy
Who said you could sit here ?	de
Who said you could grow up so fast ?	de
And I could do it , really I could .	dy
How could you let the gangster pull out the gun more quickly than you ?	dy
- .. which is more than the Tok 'ra could do .	dy
We knew you could do it , Jesus !	dy
I knew that if a man hated as much as you did , he could do anything .	dy
- You could do it .	dy
Between the 3 of us we could .	dy
Who said you could put locks on the door , Mr Cohen ?	de
They said I could come in here ... ... and I could bring you out , and --	de
I know you could , Mickey .	dy
I thought you could do everything yourself , hotshot .	dy
I thought you could do everything yourself , hotshot .	dy
Who said you could get out of bed ?	de
I thought I could do it here , but I was wrong .	dy
He could hit 3 home runs if you wanted .	dy
I knew you could . I 'm so proud of you .	dy
Tell her she could stay ?	de
Tell her she could stay ?	de
- Bobby said I could . - Did not .	de
I could do it .	dy
I just ... I just really wanted to see if I could get this .	dy
I could do it again .	dy
She said , " I knew Roger could do it " .	dy
Cortland made me Feel alive , In a way No free man ever could .	dy
I knew she could bring it off .	dy
- You and me , we 'll go -- - You 'll forget you said I could go !	de
We could do with a Iittle party Ieadership .	dy
I knew you could do it .	dy
- could I wait ... ?	de
could I have a last c- cigarette ?	de
could I have a last c- cigarette ?	de
George says it better than I ever could .	dy
- I know somebody who could do him .	dy
- I knew you could do that .	dy
If you could get that guy to take his shirt off ... Right . Yeah , and throw his cellular phone at the police as they come through the door , try to jump out that window , then we 'd have a show .	dy
Who said you could sit ?	de
Who s- s- said you could talk ?	de
Who s- s- said you could talk ?	de
Who s- s- said you could talk ?	de
If you can spare the time could you help me ? when do you have to go ?	de
- How could you let this show go live ?	de
My Turk plays chess at a level that could defeat every human player that has ever lived and probably ever will live .	de
Mom said I could wait up .	de
- Who told you you could touch my board ?	de
Who told you you could use the phone ?	de
That could convince people that Europe , in its governance , is not something run exclusively from Brussels , which concentrates and soaks up more powers , more decisions , more authority .	ep
This could also apply to the extensions of the French high-speed links in England , Belgium , the Netherlands and Germany which are running under the names " Eurostar " and " Thalys " .	ep
It could even be termed confederation , as President Chirac said earlier today .	ep
Do you think it is sufficient merely to take recourse to the Court , which could take three or four years to reach a verdict ?	ep
The reason for this could be that there are different Commission directorates involved .	ep
I would like to end by suggesting that we could use regional cooperation as a solution to make a European contribution right now before the peace process comes to an end .	ep
The first point is agreements reached at WTO level and the second one could be the budget .	ep
We want specific actions and we want mainstreaming . The two things are not easily reconciled and we could lose out on both counts .	ep
As a consequence , these companies could have their base anywhere in the European Union , even though they are not banks .	ep
If we do not at long last collaborate closely , the next crisis could be fatal for us .	ep
Fourthly , it is conceivable that the fragile balance established in Yugoslavia will undergo hard tests and could even be destroyed .	ep
Sometimes we say ' things cannot get any worse ' , but in this case the situation could get worse .	ep
I hope the Commission and Council can address this and come forward with some proposals to try and alleviate the situation , because it could be quite drastic .	ep
In other words , a rapid action force could also quite easily exist in the field of civil defence .	ep
You have told us that if the international community , in this case the European Community , can join you in your efforts , perhaps the result we all wish to see could be within reach .	ep
If no political solution is found , any military invasion could well be in vain .	ep
Lastly , analysts show that the current economic slowdown could have been much more serious were it not for Monetary Union .	ep
I agree with his observation that while the human rights dialogue could indeed be useful , unfortunately up to now it has not produced tangible results .	ep
If that happens , the opportunity to make progress with sustainable development could be missed .	ep
Therefore , we could end up being protective of our biofuel industry and replacing one form of agricultural policy with another one .	ep
could wohl	ep
We need to bear in mind that the abolition of tariffs could well cause a loss of public resources and , therefore , create budgetary problems .	ep
If in the minds of the citizens it seems that violence has disappeared , that is worth much more than all the security structures which could be implemented on the ground .	ep
We believe that after this discussion and after the report , the Commission could draw some new conclusions in the light of the results .	ep
It could be that we want to raise an issue about the legality of current proposals under the primary law relating to the accession of Spain and Portugal .	ep
That could be accepted by British farmers - we all make mistakes .	ep
This sort of cooperation could actually be a source of strength to you , and I believe that you still need it .	ep
The United States , for example , could very well decide to open up the education sector without obliging other States to follow suit in the negotiations .	ep
could I also say to Mrs Green , as a final point , that some of her former party leaders were also very generous to my party when they came along to have discussions with them .	de
could I just take two minutes to explain why ?	de
" Who said you could use my crayons ? "	de
Did I say you could talk , Cherry ?	de
Who said you could sit here ?	de
Who said you could grow up so fast ?	de
Who said you could put locks on the door , Mr Cohen ?	de
They said I could come in here ... ... and I could bring you out , and --	de
Who said you could get out of bed ?	de
Tell her she could stay ?	de
Tell her she could stay ?	de
- Bobby said I could . - Did not .	de
- You and me , we 'll go -- - You 'll forget you said I could go !	de
- could I wait ... ?	de
That could convince people that Europe , in its governance , is not something run exclusively from Brussels , which concentrates and soaks up more powers , more decisions , more authority .	ep
This could also apply to the extensions of the French high-speed links in England , Belgium , the Netherlands and Germany which are running under the names " Eurostar " and " Thalys " .	ep
It could even be termed confederation , as President Chirac said earlier today .	ep
Do you think it is sufficient merely to take recourse to the Court , which could take three or four years to reach a verdict ?	ep
The reason for this could be that there are different Commission directorates involved .	ep
I would like to end by suggesting that we could use regional cooperation as a solution to make a European contribution right now before the peace process comes to an end .	ep
The first point is agreements reached at WTO level and the second one could be the budget .	ep
We want specific actions and we want mainstreaming . The two things are not easily reconciled and we could lose out on both counts .	ep
As a consequence , these companies could have their base anywhere in the European Union , even though they are not banks .	ep
If we do not at long last collaborate closely , the next crisis could be fatal for us .	ep
Fourthly , it is conceivable that the fragile balance established in Yugoslavia will undergo hard tests and could even be destroyed .	ep
Sometimes we say ' things cannot get any worse ' , but in this case the situation could get worse .	ep
