Their prayers are now led by a victorious enemy soldier - what could be worse ?	ep
Ratification could win support at an EU summit later this month in Barcelona , Spain .	ep
If this is the case , Rice could have elaborated more precise criteria for membership in the '' axis of evil , '' by establishing more clearly the connection between the nature of the regime and the acquisition of weapons of mass destruction .	dy
Still , things could be worse .	ep
Among them , they make every weapon Taiwan could possibly want to fend off the expanding might of China .	ep
'' Wish you could be with your family , '' one child has written .	dy
She often finds herself thinking , '' Oh , my God , they could be related to this or related to that .	ep
At a time when democracy is losing currency in many countries , particularly Argentina , coups could be potentially destabilizing to the region .	ep
Observers had warned that should the outcome be seen to have been rigged , violence could explode across the volatile southern African nation .	ep
Two State Department officials said Washington aimed to impose financial restrictions against any assets in the US held by Mugabe and senior members of his government but could not say when they would take effect .	dy
Opposition officials say that 22 of their polling agents have been abducted in the past week , and a surge in violent attacks in swing districts could persuade enough opposition supporters to vote for ZANU-PF to ensure Mugabe 's victory .	ep
In addition , governing party officials have revised election laws and procedures in a manner that could change the outcome of the vote , according to independent election observers .	ep
Observers say that could produce long voting lines and discourage some Tsvangirai supporters from casting ballots .	ep
That , according to foreign diplomats and Tsvangirai supporters , could disenfranchise hundreds of thousands of young opposition supporters who live with their parents .	ep
That could ease pressure on Mugabe to remain in power to avoid prosecution for his government 's attack in the 1980s in Matabeleland , the home of the Ndebele tribe , which at the time posed the most significant threat to his leadership .	ep
A senior administration official did say , however , that if insufficient progress was being made by 2012 , there could be a move toward some kind of limits .	ep
White House officials said this could prompt industries to change behavior , the same way similar reporting requirements instituted in the late 1980 's resulted in big cuts in releases of toxic chemicals .	ep
The sources argued that it was against the rules of the prison because the turban could be used to conceal a weapon .	dy
While such a move would lower prices and spur growth by making the country 's goods more attractive , it could also prove ruinous to millions of borrowers and to the nation 's banking system because most loans in the country are repayable in dollars , not pesos .	ep
Other losers could well be Argentine businesses that owe dollar debts abroad but collect revenue in pesos at home .	ep
Though the American forces are expected to be involved initially in advising and training Filipino counterterrorist units , senior American military officials have said they could become involved in direct military action if the Philippine government requested it .	ep
'' There 's no question that we believe that if they could clear the Abu Sayyaf group out of Basilan Island , that would be a small blow against the extended Al Qaeda network , '' Mr. Wolfowitz said .	dy
Senior military officials have said they are increasingly concerned that there are other equally sophisticated and well-fortified underground complexes elsewhere in Afghanistan that could become guerrilla bases for remnants of the Taliban and Al Qaeda forces .	ep
The controversial land reform is the pillar of Mugabe 's electoral strategy , which political analysts say could work either way .	ep
In mid-March , the US side granted Taiwan '' Defence Minister '' Tang Yiau-ming a visa so he could attend a conference sponsored by US military contractors in Florida .	de
But at a time when the country is desperate for investment and international aid to prevent an economic crisis from exploding further , it is unclear how far Duhalde could actually turn back the clock even if he wanted to .	dy
For starters , there 's a wariness among economists that an expected 30 to 40 percent devaluation could spark a return to the chaotic days of the late 1980s , when 5,000-percent inflation was rampant .	ep
Many of us had secretly harbored the fantasy that we could talk our overseers into letting us go right up to the prisoners ' cells , the terrorist equivalent of a field trip to the ASPCA .	dy
'' Wrapped in the suffocating orange boiler suit , '' he wrote , '' I lost any sense of dignity '' -- a loss he could have just as easily sustained by rereading his own copy .	ep
My public affairs keepers could n't care less .	dy
They fear that , because the US is forging its own way , smaller nations that are expected to ratify the Kyoto Protocol could start backing out .	ep
This could lead to a two-tier system in which the US and a few others - Australia and Canada may follow suit - will choose their own targets , while the rest of the world will be limited to the stricter Kyoto limits .	ep
A group of independent local observers said the electoral process was neither free nor fair and could spark fresh violence in the southern African country .	ep
Mr Chavez is currently detained at Fuerte Tiuna army base in Caracas and could face possible charges for his role in the killings .	ep
The slower growth in carbon-dioxide concentrations could be due to increased CO 2 uptake by land-based plants and marine organisms , he suggests .	ep
The next mission for NASA could be to steer soaring space-station costs back toward earth and restore credibility to what many call a dysfunctional space program .	ep
In assessing how the agency might fare under O'Keefe , some analysts say it could blossom , as it did in its Apollo-program heyday under another numbers guy , James Webb .	ep
`` If it is successful in Argentina , it could become a reference , '' said Eduardo Curia , an independent economist in Buenos Aires .	ep
11 terrorist attacks could lead to an opening with the Islamic nation .	ep
Rasul said they could not understand why the government was so hard on Misuari when it was lenient with other leaders who revolted in the past .	dy
Iribani said he explained to the Muslim leaders that Misuari 's personal demands , including access to the media , could not be granted because these were not within his rights as a detainee .	de
The deportation of Misuari by Malaysia also drew flak from opposition legislators who warned that it could trigger a reaction in the government 's peace efforts .	ep
Maguindanao Rep. Didagen Dilangalen said the prosecution of Misuari for rebellion could force the government to revive the cases against other rebel leaders , particularly of the Moro Islamic Liberation Front and the National Democratic Front .	ep
Aside from the sensitive legal questions , Pimentel said there is a growing impression that Misuari could pose a security threat to the country .	ep
`` What we are concerned about is a wobbl ing'' that could damage the locking mechanism , Van Laak said .	ep
Foreign Secretary Jack Straw also praised the decision , saying that '' the message could not be clearer . ''	ep
But the argentino would only be backed by the bricks and mortar of government buildings such as the Pink Palace , and analysts have warned it could devalue and spark inflation .	ep
In a preliminary , Motsuenyane declared the Zimbabwe poll '' legitimate '' , adding they could , however , not be openly described as free and fair .	dy
Even local observers could not enter these stations , '' she said .	de
But how could Blair have '' a Commonwealth report '' when no one else had received such a report that should be channeled through the Secretariat to all members , asked one of the other 53 Commonwealth leaders at the retreat ?	ep
But the detention by US forces of Australian Taliban fighter David Hicks has provoked tensions that could fray the bilateral goodwill .	ep
But some 400 foreign detainees - who are being held without charges in Cuba and Afghanistan - and could face US military tribunals .	ep
WASHINGTON - On the face of things , it is hard to see how any reasonable person could object to the '' war '' the United States is now waging against international terrorism and terrorist regimes .	ep
The 18-metre arm , which is powerful enough to lift entire station modules , was also rewired so it could draw power through the S-0 truss .	dy
No one can estimate the costs or benefits of developing novel energy sources because , if new knowledge could be known in advance , it would n't be new .	dy
The statement listed what it said were essential rights that could not be hollowed out because of the fight against terrorism .	de
The new residents ' form-fitting seat liners for the lifeboat had to be carried over and installed , and their space suits tucked away , before they could call space station Alpha home .	dy
Russian Yuri Onufrienko could n't wait to take over as space station commander from American Frank Culbertson .	dy
You could understand the outrage if the U.S. military were torturing or otherwise mistreating the detainees .	dy
How could anybody say we 're treating anybody wrong ?	ep
Chavez was being held at the army base while investigators decide what charges he could face , said army commander Gen. Efrain Vasquez Velasco .	de
Chavez was being held at the army base while investigators decide what charges he could face , said army commander Gen. Efrain Vasquez Velasco .	ep
'' The climate of insecurity obtaining in Zimbabwe since the 2000 parliamentary elections was such that the electoral process could not be said to adequately comply with the norms and standards for elections in the SADC region , '' the forum said in a statement .	dy
'' If the people of Zimbabwe have a sense that they have been cheated through the election process , it is possible that some could resort to violence , '' said the foreign minister , Alexander Downer .	ep
Yesterday -LRB- 07 January -RRB- , the National Institute of Radiation Protection -LRB- SSI -RRB- announced that it could not exclude the possibility of people who had come into contact with the container suffering acute health effects from radiation .	dy
The SSI is now attempting to trace people who could have been exposed to the radiation leak .	ep
There were already several suppositions that Hugo Chavez may recover the position , but nobody could suppose the recovery would be so quick .	dy
Neither supporters nor opponents of Chavez could be seen in the streets during the days of the coup .	dy
At the same time , when the Chinese von Broun managed to reach China , there were other bearers of fresher secrets there from the country , which could '' launch ambassador Liu Xiao into space . ''	dy
He added the boycott could create the impression that the NGOs were acting out of self interest and are not honest about championing human rights .	ep
Stanley Kao , director of MOFA 's North American Affairs Department , made the remarks amid mounting concerns about the possibility that the United States could compromise Taiwan 's interests in exchange for mainland China 's cooperation in the current US-led war on global terrorism .	ep
The identity of the slain militants could not be ascertained .	dy
A militant whose identity could not be ascertained was killed in an encounter with the troops at Mutgala -LRB- Gool -RRB- today .	dy
He repeatedly said that the occupation of the Palestinian territories could lead to corruption in Israel and would only create scandals for the regime .	ep
The two said they had no knowledge of the arrival of French arms in the country but said France sold arms to several African countries which could in turn re-sell them to other countries .	ep
The first secretary at the Namibian High Commission in Harare , Mati Jose , said he had no knowledge of Namibia helping Zimbabwe to bust the arms embargo while the DRC 's ambassador to Zimbabwe Mawapanga Mwanananga could not be reached for comment .	dy
Khatami and Chavez agreed that ' Dialogue Among Civilizations ' could serve to mitigate clashes of civilizations and would also ensure a durable peace .	dy
As Christiansen explains , ' if Venezuelans did not see unemployment as a problem that could be solved , they would not blame it on Chavez ' incapacity .	dy
Finally , the Consultores 21 analyst notes that today , the number of extreme Chavez opponents -LRB- 42 percent -RRB- is larger than that of extreme Chavez supporters -LRB- 18 percent -RRB- , which could bring about a confrontation for power .	ep
He stated that the international anti-terror alliance could not be turned into a base on which to take some actions in opposition to other countries .	de
Every effort is called for to prevent the US action that could cause great misfortune to the whole mankind .	ep
What is there about a coup against the constitutional order that could resemble the most important day in Venezuelan history ?	ep
The factional infighting has raised fears that long-standing ethnic rivalries could again split the country after the defeat of the Taliban .	ep
First off , Bush could have brought discipline to his administration in connection with the case of Argentina .	ep
The Argentine Government wants fresh funds in order to reschedule its debt , funds that could come from the International Monetary Fund or the US Treasury itself .	ep
How could the United States be asked to do such a thing if Argentina was unable to show a modicum of internal political discipline in advance ?	dy
For most people it will of course be difficult to mobilize any great degree of understanding for those responsible for the bloody terrorism in the United States on that day in September , but what is at issue here is that at the present moment principles are at stake that could have far-reaching repercussions for the future war against terrorism .	ep
'' This could of course become necessary if a Dane were involved .	ep
Miller remarked that the worldwide economic slowdown has shrunk the demand for energy sources , which could lead the independent producers , including Mexico , to operate in coordination with the oil cartel .	ep
The PNP , which believes it was a case of mistaken identity , could not explain why it took the gang two hours to know the identity of the lady .	dy
The USA refuses to admit that these detainees are prisoners of war because , under the Convention , they would have the right not to answer any questions except to give their name and rank , they could not be tried except for war crimes and they would have to be repatriated after the war ends .	de
They responded that three out of ten blacks could not find job or have been denied responsible positions in the workplace simply because they were blacks and eight out of ten blacks and two thirds of the Latinos and Asians said they had suffered persecution and had been subjected to abusive language .	dy
The problem is , this large-scale project right in our own backyard could not only potentially cause space debris consisting of bits of rocket , fuel and satellites to fall into Indonesian territory , but will also disrupt flights and shipping .	ep
Even more worrying is the possibility that a space station could be transformed into a military base and pose a threat to Indonesia 's national sovereignty .	ep
As the nation most likely to suffer the impact of the Australian Space Port , Indonesia could rely on the simplest article in the Liability Convention , Section 14 .	ep
He has called for helping aggressive Israel to put a traitorous agent at the head of the Palestinian Authority , who could accept its terms to '' assassinate ' the rights of Palestinians .	ep
Ben Eliezer 's raving coincided with the arrival of his assassin boss Sharon to Washington to take part in exerting pressures on the US administration , and persuade it that removing Arafat could bring about the Palestinian surrender , and halt violence as he calls it .	ep
Sharon and Ben Eliezer never stopped to consider that no patriotic Palestinian could accept to serve as a substitute agent to Israel .	ep
In terms of the Commonwealth 's mandate , action against Zimbabwe could range from collective disapproval to suspension .	ep
No reason was provided why Mbeki could not attend .	dy
Foreign Minister Celso Lafer transmitted a warning to United States Secretary of State Colin Powell , with whom he spent 30 minutes yesterday , from the Brazilian Government : without help from the US , Argentina could enter a state of social rebellion and open a new front of geopolitical instability in South America .	ep
Without US help , via the IMF , the country will not be able to attain the most basic economic , social and political stability , and could contaminate the subcontinent , Lafer warned . -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- '' La plata '' or social rebellion Foreign Minister Celso Lafer carried a dramatic warning from President Fernando Henrique Cardoso to the US Government .	ep
Cavallo could think of nothing better than the curbs on withdrawals .	dy
The danger , which the economic team is aware of , is that any additional money withdrawn will go straight into purchases of dollars since this could represent the percentage of income that an individual is able to save .	ep
An arrangement with an attractive implicit interest rate could also be devised .	dy
Police interrogators were told the refugees had been '' parked '' and were working illegally in northern Germany until they could be moved to other locations .	ep
The Democrats continue to close ranks behind the president on the war against terrorism , and to mention an '' axis of evil '' could help strengthen an atmosphere of national unity that would suit the president when he announces other points in his budget policy with which not everyone might agree .	ep
It would only be in a later stage that Belgium could imagine providing assistance to the person who claims to be one of its citizens .	ep
This was a common scene , as savers could avoid long lines this way .	ep
Hence , when investors saw that the dollar was trading at between 1.9 and 2.3 pesos , they began selling off their shares to make as much profit as they could .	dy
But when the greenback failed to achieve its expected value , investors who bought shares at a specific price started selling to earn some spread before the dollar could go lower .	dy
Some specialists feel that '' anything could happen '' this week , but the trend is downward .	ep
The source added : '' As an adviser , he could be very useful , but the relationship with Merrill Lynch bothers many other creditors . ''	ep
Observers from the 14-member Southern Africa Development Community 's -LRB- Sadc -RRB- Parliamentary Forum , which was financed by the European Union after it was kicked out of the country , said : '' The electoral process could not be said to have adequately complied with the norms and standards for elections in the Sadc region . ''	dy
In terms of the Commonwealth 's mandate , action against Zimbabwe could range from collective disapproval to suspension should it be decided that Mugabe was returned to power undemocratically .	ep
Bush 's Asian trip could serve as a turning point for his government 's North Korea policy .	ep
That means the Al Qaeda suspects could not be tried in the special military tribunals whose rules are currently being worked out , but only by regular US military courts using the Uniform Code of Military Justice .	dy
But Saudi or Egyptian detainees , for example , could face mistreatment at the hands of their governments , which means Washington would be forbidden by international law to hand them over .	ep
The first problem pointed out by critics is that Bush has created a new concept , that of '' greenhouse gas intensity , '' which could be defined as the volume of gas emissions divided by GDP .	dy
Therefore , that so-called 18 percent reduction in greenhouse gas emissions could , in fact , represent a real increase in the absolute quantity of such gases .	ep
Technical arguments could go on an on , and matter little here .	ep
But the consequences of the divorce between the US and the international community in the Kyoto Protocol case could be even more serious .	ep
Although it is difficult to imagine that the American foreign policy towards Arab issues could become worse than what it has been , my sense is that it will be much more difficult to argue the Arab viewpoint in the American decision-making quarters .	ep
It was once hoped that a well-organised Arab and Muslim community in the United States could curb the attacks on Arabs and Muslims in the media and start to do what Arab and Muslim governments had not done by injecting the Arab viewpoint into the American political discourse .	dy
Such could be the lesson drawn by the Pentagon and the White House from the hue and cry that has been provoked in the world by the release of the now famous photographs of blinded , gagged , chained , and kneeling prisoners in their enclosure at the Guantanamo camp .	ep
But , however , they were under medical supervision , their heads shaved , and enjoying hygienic and food conditions that were very superior to what they could have known in Afghanistan .	dy
One can imagine how Rumsfield , who is ordinarily so sure of himself and of his jokes , might have gone off his rocker once and , for an hour , could have ranted and raved against the '' hyperbole , '' the exaggeration that , according to him , marked the reactions generated by this photograph , and reminded the world about the degree to which the US attitude was '' humane , legal , and proper . ''	ep
But Baghdad insisted Sunday it could not be a threat to the United States .	dy
'' Even if Iraq possessed such weapons , it could not threaten the United States .	dy
How could it threaten a country that possesses weapons of mass destruction that could destroy entire planets ? ''	ep
How could it threaten a country that possesses weapons of mass destruction that could destroy entire planets ? ''	ep
The German government spokesman said it would be '' useful '' if UN observers could enter Iraq again to check for weapons of mass destruction .	de
Kharazi said that some 150 foreigners arrested recently on Iran 's border with Pakistan were not members of the al-Qaeda terror network , but admitted some could be sympathisers and would be sent back to their home countries .	ep
A diplomatic source said the affair could become '' embarrassing '' for European countries , '' because of the insistence of the Americans on judging for themselves '' those who supported al-Qaeda .	ep
Afghan interim Interior Minister Yunus Qanooni told AFP that two suspects in last week 's murder of aviation and tourism minister Abdul Rahman had been arrested in Saudi Arabia and could be sent back to Afghanistan .	dy
The U.S. backed out of the agreement , saying its industries would be handicapped by stringent rules that developing countries could simply ignore .	de
Thus not only is it impossible to escape , but the humanitarian associations could never organize a protest rally in such a place .	dy
Predictably , their advice has fallen on stones because , whatever their suggestions , Mugabe could not care less , interested only in retaining power at any cost .	dy
No , it is not possible to yield to any form of terrorism or to try to justify it , but it is also apparent that any opportunistic selectivity could , in the final analysis , only jeopardize the success of the global war against it .	ep
By seeking weapons of mass destruction , these regimes pose a grave and growing danger , because they could provide these arms to terrorists , '' stated Bush .	ep
The same source expresses the concern that if Prime Minister Koizumi should retreat from his position in the future , '' Not only will he disappoint the United States , but the US' world strategy could be hobbled and lead to questions concerning the significance of the Japan-US alliance . ''	ep
We all know that even the targets in the Kyoto Protocol are only a first step if we want to prevent the severe consequences that climate change could have . ''	ep
According to his own assertions , the obvious concern of some Western European leaders -- US allies -- and of some important European governmental and non-governmental institutions about the treatment the detainees are being subjected to , especially following the publication of certain images of the Guantanamo Bay camp that could be interpreted in various ways , played a key role in this position .	ep
Therefore , even if Powell agrees with the refusal to grant prisoner-of-war status to the 158 captives , he believe that the US refusal to cover the captives under the Geneva Convention would set a precedent that could affect the fate of US soldiers sent out to risky areas of this planet .	ep
Cde Mugabe said there could never be any election anywhere in the world without any incident .	dy
The Arab argument of yesteryears was that peace could be established between Israel and the '' front-line '' states -- Lebanon , Syria , Jordan , Egypt and the Palestinians -- but the remaining Arab states are not obligated to establish diplomatic relations with Israel .	ep
Wu defended Taipei 's cautious approach , warning that Beijing could try to use the situation to gain the upper hand .	ep
Wu defended the government 's cautious approach warning that Beijing could try to use the situation to gain the upper hand .	ep
When he revisited the Great Wall , he could hardly hide his excitement .	dy
The European Union played a dominant role in these negotiations and the community of states concluded , at the Bonn and Marrakech conferences of July and October last year , an agreement that sets out how to implement the Kyoto Protocol and provides for an original mechanism for respecting the reduction obligations that could possibly serve as a model for other agreements and that suggests a possible strengthening of international institutional structures in the environmental field .	ep
Previously , Powell saw clearly that the antiterrorist chain could break if Iraq were attacked without the approval of the Europeans .	ep
Today he says action could be taken without considering the Europeans .	de
The differences could be resolved or a compromise could be reached .	dy
The differences could be resolved or a compromise could be reached .	dy
A TB expert , Dr Joel Kangangi , said one person infected with the bacteria could spread it to more than 10 people in a day .	ep
This is especially true after the Palestinian Authority -LRB- PA -RRB- carried out the difficult Israeli demands and arrested three individuals whom Israel accuses of assassinating Israeli Minister Rah'avam Ze'evi despite the ramifications that these arrests could have led to on the internal Palestinian arena .	ep
There is a possibility that the attack on the PA 's headquarters could expand into a larger operation .	ep
Researchers from the Weizmann Institute in Rehovot and the Technion in Haifa have developed a computer so tiny that a trillion of them could fit into a laboratory test tube .	dy
Such tiny devices could one day fit into cells and supervise biological processes , or even synthesize drugs .	ep
Some scientists believe DNA-based computers could have an advantage over existing computers based on silicon chips .	ep
Professor Shapiro and a growing number of other scientists believe DNA-based computers may lead to a number of useful applications -- they could be planted inside cells , where they would watch for irregularities or even synthesize drugs .	ep
Two basic principles could still , perhaps , make it possible .	ep
The Israeli ambassador in France , Elie Barnavi , recently made two contradictory statements : That all those who , like Nurit Peled , believe that the Sharon government is a '' government of death '' could easily fit into a telephone booth ... and that by their existence they constitute Israel 's very honor .	dy
The president could not take any risk of ruffling the republicans .	de
Unilateral separation without a negotiated agreement could be realized - only if Israel is willing to uproot around 100 settlements .	dy
The Union parties could not have wished for a better situation from which to launch their campaign .	ep
British troops remained on 48 hour stand-by but the situation was '' better than anybody could have hoped for '' , according to Mr Cook .	ep
However , night fell before the Alliance could secure the city , increasing the danger of militants fighting back .	dy
Secretary-General of the Presidential Office Chen Shih-meng said the U.S. has repeatedly assured Taiwan that Bush will stick to his commitments to help protect Taiwan and he will not do or say anything that could damage Taiwan 's interests while visiting mainland China .	dy
However some officials voiced concern that China could secure concessions on Taiwan in return for supporting Bush on issues such as anti-terrorism and prevention of nuclear arms proliferation .	ep
Thus the benchmark covenants could have very significant consequences for other sectors and target groups in our society , whereas the latter are not involved in the deliberations on those covenants .	ep
Thus the benchmark covenants could be reconciled with the European Commission 's recent proposals for launching a unified market for European carbon dioxide emissions by 2005 .	ep
However , the benchmark covenants could be opportune here for settling the initial allocation of emission rights .	ep
Companies could be allocated rights on the basis of an energy efficiency standard , on the condition that they are prepared to accept an absolute emissions ceiling .	ep
China urged the United States on Thursday to abide by the '' one China policy '' , warning that any act to trample upon the Sino-U.S. Joint Communiques could result in a '' very unfavorable '' impact on relations between the two countries .	ep
My view then , and indeed those of my colleagues , was that a democratic environment in which free and fair elections are the norm , and in which citizens enjoy real freedoms , could only be created if a new , democratic and people-driven constitution were put in place .	ep
My view then , and indeed those of my colleagues , was that a democratic environment in which free and fair elections are the norm , and in which citizens enjoy real freedoms , could only be created if a new , democratic and people-driven constitution were put in place .	dy
The 450ft long vessel Nisha , carrying 26,000 tonnes -LRB- metric tons -RRB- of raw sugar , was stopped on Friday morning -LRB- 21 December -RRB- amid fears it could be transporting noxious , hazardous or dangerous substances .	ep
He added that for that purpose they are seeking someone in the FAN -LRB- National Armed Forces -RRB- who could assume power in Venezuela .	dy
Chavez added that '' they are going around looking for a Pinochet , analyzing man by man to see who could be the Pinochet that they could pit against Chavez , and I am sure that there is no Pinochet in the FAN .	ep
Chavez added that '' they are going around looking for a Pinochet , analyzing man by man to see who could be the Pinochet that they could pit against Chavez , and I am sure that there is no Pinochet in the FAN .	ep
The cash equivalent could be several tens of billions of dollars .	ep
Blair has warned that the 54-member Commonwealth 's reputation could be damaged if it failed to take decisive action against Mugabe .	ep
The right-wing Mail on Sunday , which could normally be expected to support the United States over its '' war on terrorism '' , ran the photographs under the headline '' Tortured '' .	ep
In direct response , the Americans , who preach democracy to the entire planet , recognizing that they could no longer tolerate someone like Chavez reverted to their old bullying and dictatorial tactics and arranged for an army coup by several avowed pro-American generals , who managed to remove Chavez from power in a few short hours .	de
However , the Geneva-based ICRC did not know the number nor the nationality , he said following a comment on Thursday that there could have been French nationals among them .	ep
The United States earlier this week said British diplomats could have access to Britons held among the detainees , whose cramped and spartan conditions have caused much criticism among human rights groups around the world .	de
It was unrealistic to envisage that people who were suffering from lack of development , poverty , hunger and poor health could fully enjoy their human rights , several delegations stressed Wednesday to the Third Committee -LRB- Social , Humanitarian , Cultural -RRB- of the 56th UN General Assembly .	ep
It was unrealistic to envisage that people who were suffering from lack of development , poverty , hunger and poor health could fully enjoy their human rights , several delegations stressed Wednesday to the Third Committee -LRB- Social , Humanitarian , Cultural -RRB- of the 56th UN General Assembly .	dy
The representative of the United States said that despite the horrors of the terrorist attack , the international community could not truly win the war against terrorism unless human rights were protected .	ep
'' There could be no expediency , no compromise , no lapse in vigilance , '' he said .	ep
In Brussels on Wednesday -LRB- 28 November -RRB- , the French astronaut Claudie Haignere , who had just completed a flight in space together with the Russians that in every way was identical to the one scheduled for De Winne , could not find enough praise for our fellow citizen , with whom she trained for several months in Moscow .	dy
