On this count , the national security adviser may have erred .	ep
Come to think of it , acquiring weapons of mass destruction per se may not be a correct basis for judging whether a nation is good or evil .	ep
The type of work that is occurring at Camp X-Ray may prove critical to preventing a new attack .	ep
Instead of lecturing the United States , our critics may better spend their time reminding others that if terrorists do n't want to be detained at Camp X-Ray , they should join the civilized world .	ep
The editor may decide to publish your comment as a letter to the editor ; Your personal information will be kept confidential and will never be disclosed to anyone	ep
But though it may lack tennis courts and a putting green , the amenities are better than you 'd find in a cave at Tora Bora .	ep
They are provided with a medical exam upon admission , and their diet -LRB- is someone making a point about diversity here ? -RRB- ranges from bagels and cream cheese to rice and beans -- all eaten with plastic utensils -- after which the prisoners may clean their teeth with specially shortened brushes .	de
Under the Geneva Convention , those holding true POWs are bound to release them at the end of hostilities ; but that is the last thing the U.S. wants to do with men who may be al-Qaeda operatives .	ep
That may well apply to members of al-Qaeda , a free-floating band of terrorists .	ep
That may be so ; unfortunately , as Amnesty International has pointed out , under the Geneva Convention the Pentagon has no business making such a determination .	ep
The prisoners may be in Cuba , but nobody has yet forced them to listen to Fidel Castro 's long-winded speeches .	ep
While calm has returned to Fleet Hospital 20 , officials elsewhere on the base are bracing for what they say may be inevitable : the death of one of the detainees .	ep
Washington and other Western governments may now strengthen the current mild sanctions against Zimbabwe .	ep
Political analysts say the charges may have laid the groundwork for Mugabe to jail Tsvangirai as a last-ditch effort to stay in power should he lose the election .	ep
Members of a movement that tried to prevent women working may be disconcerted to find that some of their guards are women .	ep
US officials are eager to question the three , who they believe may have vital clues about the whereabouts of Mullah Omar and Osama Bin Laden .	ep
'' It may not be what everyone wants , but it recognizes that the Senate is going to deal with climate on its power plant bill . ''	ep
Mr. Marx 's departure may pave the way for Miguel Kiguel , an economist from the Justicialist opposition party , to join Mr. Cavallo 's team .	ep
The appointment of Mr. Kiguel to succeed Mr. Marx may be seen as a way to bring the Justicialists into Mr. De La Rua 's ruling coalition , forming a sort of national unity government to address the economy .	ep
U.S. officials said the administration may freeze assets of Zimbabwean officials involved in the alleged rigging of the democratic process .	ep
On a more dangerous level , it may provide fodder to Taiwan 's military forces and play into the hands of Taiwan separatist extremists .	ep
The robust military build-up may not bring the so-called balance but menace instead cross-Straits peace and stability .	ep
Since the latest remarks and events may give these forces the impression that the United States is on their side and ready to provide military protection , they may become provocative enough to push the island to the edge .	ep
Since the latest remarks and events may give these forces the impression that the United States is on their side and ready to provide military protection , they may become provocative enough to push the island to the edge .	ep
But the stiffest opposition may yet come from the Argentines themselves .	ep
Now the country 's 5.6 million voters are waiting anxiously for the results of the poll to be announced , although the voting , which was supposed to end Sunday , may stretch on for days .	ep
Despite everything , there is still hope in Zimbabwe that this election may bring change .	ep
Birds will start flying an extra mile north each year , and may starve when they get there .	ep
This could lead to a two-tier system in which the US and a few others - Australia and Canada may follow suit - will choose their own targets , while the rest of the world will be limited to the stricter Kyoto limits .	ep
Bush 's statement will come as a relief to Taiwan , which has been watching his two-day visit closely fearing Washington may give something new away to China in return for Beijing 's support for the US-led war on terrorism , analysts said .	ep
'' But he may be what the agency needs right now . ''	ep
Fixing the problem may require not just accounting savvy , but also deft diplomacy .	ep
They fear that if Argentina can break promises made in contracts , other nations may try to do the same in less dire times .	ep
The U.S. naval base at Guantamano Bay , Cuba , once a detention center for thousands of Cubans and Haitians seeking freedom in America , may soon become a prison for men with a radically different view of the country .	ep
The biggest challenge may be getting prisoners from South Asia to the Caribbean .	ep
Mr. Mbeki may still hope that , despite his joining the West in criticizing Zimbabwean leader Robert Mugabe , he can work with his troubled neighbor to prevent more violence , keep the economy from collapsing , and find some political compromise .	ep
It 's gotten so busy around this once-sleepy Caribbean outpost that the man in charge may soon restore the stoplight that , until Navy downsizing in the 1990s , hung near the only McDonalds in all of Cuba .	ep
Between the armored vehicles ferrying Taliban and al Qaeda prisoners to Camp X-Ray and the international observers whizzing past , it may be time to dust off the only traffic signal that ever operated on the 45-square-mile base , says Navy Capt. Robert A. Buehn .	ep
But he 's not directly responsible for the nascent offshore U.S. terror compound , which , depending on whether the Pentagon decides to stage military tribunals here , may one day make its nickname -- Gitmo -- as notorious as Devil 's Island .	ep
`` As base commander , I've given a lot of thought about what the name Guantanamo Bay may conjure up in someone 's mind .	ep
However , since this is a new concept , there may be room for negotiation . ''	ep
It was learned that Foreign Minister Carlos Ruckauf and Foreign Secretary Jorge Castaneda may already have talked about this .	ep
Tsvangirai had earlier suggested that '' Mbeki and Obasanjo are not going to allow that -LRB- suspension -RRB- , they are going to present a position that the Zimbabweans are talking , so there may be a deferment of any action . ''	ep
'' Personally I felt that one is going to be used here , but I nevertheless hoped the presence of outsiders in Zimbabwe would stop some illegal acts which may have been committed . ''	ep
They fear that these suspects may not receive a fair trial in America .	ep
America , which always accuses other countries of violating human rights , is today placing terrorist suspects , who may even be innocent , in solitary confinement without access to any means of mass communication , thus depriving them of the basic human rights , in contravention of its own constitution .	ep
Colin Powell , his Secretary of State , implied the United States may impose new sanctions in addition to an existing travel ban affecting Mr. Mugabe 's inner circle .	ep
Mr. Williams says '' neither the US nor Australia is in a position to begin a prosecution against Hicks , '' acknowledging that he may not have committed any offenses under Australian law .	ep
Potential terrorists may well be concealed among them , but for the great majority , it is common knowledge that the United States is a land of freedom and opportunity -- the preferred destination of the world 's emigrants for the better part of the past two centuries .	ep
Let me pause only briefly to allow that America is imperfect , like all earthly things ; that its governments and people have committed many sins ; that might does not make right ; that power and wealth are not good in themselves ; that goodness , truth and beauty may be found in every country and town .	ep
The rail car , installed outside the International Space Station on the crew 's first spacewalk , will have a top speed of just three centimetres per second , but ground controllers may not open up the throttle all the way in their first test today anyway .	ep
According to a report released in 2000 by the National Air Issues Co-ordinating Committee on Climate Change , a group staffed by officials from the federal , provincial and territorial governments , hitting Canada 's Kyoto target may mean '' the loss of roughly one year 's growth , or , viewed in absolute terms , in 2010 , the loss in annual economic output of approximately $ 40-billion -LRB- or $ 1,100 per capita -RRB- . ''	ep
Taylor may have offered a more prudent guess , but the fact is , accurate estimates of the costs of policies designed to reduce selected gas emissions are impossible .	ep
The United States earlier this week hinted it may expand its war against terrorism beyond Afghanistan to Iraq , bringing swift criticism from both Germany and France , who called for restraint in the future of the military campaign .	ep
If emission of greenhouse gases is not rigorously limited and is allowed to continue to climb , then the average global temperature may surge by 1.5 to 5.8 C .	ep
In certain regions , the temperature may rise suddenly and sharply .	ep
That may be the case , but even the worst criminals have the right to a lawyer and to know the charges against them .	ep
The index will persumably not be applied for another two or three months , and it has not been ruled out that it may include loans already converted into pesos .	ep
'' Installment checks for time deposits : The money subject to a refund timetable may be used for purchases , but with restrictions .	de
The 12 , 18 , or 24 installments into which time deposits will be divided , depending on their amount , may be endorsed .	de
In any event , the oil industry may be asked for an advance on taxes due , as had been under consideration a couple of weeks ago .	ep
Be that as it may , the aim pursued by the White House seems to have been achieved .	ep
Straw added that Britain and the United States had become the closest allies after the '' September 11 '' incident , now they may no longer stand shoulder to shoulder .	ep
An US government official said that US diplomats to countries concerned are authorized to explain to these countries which may have doubts about Bush 's State of the Union speech , this is aimed at dispelling various countries ' doubt that the United States is about to dispatch troops to Iran , Iraq and Korea .	ep
To paint a dark picture of the threats facing the American empire may prove crucial at a time when the government is about to announce its state budget proposals , the cornerstone of which involves one of the largest increases of the last 20 years in the Pentagon 's budget .	ep
Things may even get better for him in the event of the crisis dragging on until 2004 , when he will probably try to be re-elected .	ep
Ann Crawd -LRB- name transliterated -RRB- , chairwoman of the UN Human Rights Commission , pointed out : '' The United States shall not play with human rights and may not violate the Geneva Convention Relative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War that we have signed . ''	de
It may even want to seek revenge and use them to reassert its authority .	ep
What worries the West and some other countries most is that , if the United States refuses to treat these detainees as POWs , then their soldiers may be treated the same way as the Guantanamo prisoners should they be captured by the Taliban remnants and other radical organizations when they take part in the United Nations ' peace-keeping missions .	ep
The prisoners in the orange one-piece overall not only can not move freely , but they may not be able to breathe normally .	ep
There will not be a jury , and these captives may not appeal .	de
Under the third Geneva Convention , prisoners of war may only be tried in the same courts and according to the same rules , as soldiers of the country that is holding the prisoners .	de
Bush may raise the greenhouse gas matter when he visits Japan for a three-day stay starting Sunday , although Japan 's weakened economy is expected to be the focus of talks .	ep
Since President Bush envisions using all options , however , we can not deny the possibility that the United States may take military actions .	ep
South Korean ministers fear Bush 's tough talking may put back by years Kim 's so-called Sunshine Policy of establishing a permanent peace .	ep
That may be the reason why the camp , which stands segregated from the military base proper , has been called Camp X-Ray .	ep
Although the defense officials declined to give details of the messages exchanged between the vessel and the North Korean side , they said , '' The ship may have been involved with the smuggling of drugs used to treat drug addicts . ''	ep
These problems would have to be dealt with under international plans to rebuild Afghanistan , which is estimated may cost 10 billion dollars and may take , Grandi told Tanka , three to four years to achieve .	ep
These problems would have to be dealt with under international plans to rebuild Afghanistan , which is estimated may cost 10 billion dollars and may take , Grandi told Tanka , three to four years to achieve .	ep
'' At this stage , as difficult as it may be to say so openly , the Palestinians are losing the battles to a superior force , but Israel is losing the war . ''	ep
Compounding fears is speculation that Bush may sign a fresh communique with China in return for Beijing 's support on issues such as anti-terrorism and prevention of nuclear proliferation .	ep
Compounding fears is speculation that Bush may sign a fresh communique with China in return for Beijing 's support on issues such as anti-terrorism and prevention of nuclear proliferation .	ep
The Palestinians believe that such a step would realize their national aspirations to full sovereignty despite the perils and implications that such efforts may have on their national unity that puts the higher Palestinian interests above every other consideration .	ep
While the intensity improvements may reduce this to around 33 % , this is still a very substantial increase in absolute emissions .	ep
The proposals by President Bush may represent a first step in the right direction , where also economic operators in the US are asked to contribute to emission control .	ep
Sadc will not participate in what ever form the sanctions may take , '' said taskforce chairperson Ms Lilian Patel , who is also Malawi Foreign Minister .	ep
Professor Shapiro and a growing number of other scientists believe DNA-based computers may lead to a number of useful applications -- they could be planted inside cells , where they would watch for irregularities or even synthesize drugs .	ep
The first illustration of a change in the position of the United States -LRB- the Fund 's leading shareholder -RRB- toward countries that may squander the American taxpayer 's money was the arrival in September of Ann Krueger , an ultraliberal American , as number two at the IMF .	ep
No matter how cynical this may appear , the US administration is mainly concerned with getting out of the recession and with relaunching the economy , rather than with the greenhouse effect .	ep
17 Kyodo -- Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi , who just completed a whirlwind tour of five Southeast Asian nations , said Thursday he longed for more leisurely trips -- but added that may have to wait until he leaves his post .	ep
This is the view I still hold so strongly that I must confess it may cloud my assessment of the just-concluded presidential elections .	ep
Judging from the selection of recovery sites for the two previous flights , the site for recovering the manned spaceship may be situated in the grassland of Inner Mongolia .	ep
The next step after the land recovery , China may change to recovering the manned spaceship on the sea .	ep
For the next flight , the top of the spaceship 's orbiter capsule may be installed with a docking module for docking tests between two spaceships .	ep
Because , strange as it may seem , prolonged , stagnant cold spells are also a result of global warming when there is less ventilation of the atmosphere as a whole .	ep
This may be convenient for Washington .	ep
The temporary security it may produce will be lost immediately if the troops are withdrawn .	ep
It may be the moment to offer the world 's television channels , from CNN to Qatar 's Al-Jazeera , full access -LRB- to the camp -RRB- .	ep
He believes that '' in any negotiation there may be someone who tries to impose conditions by cheating '' and said that in the case of Argentina , '' the cheaters were the IMF , '' who '' praised the policies -LRB- of the last decade -RRB- and held them up as an example '' and now '' they can not tell us that they did not know what was going on . ''	ep
Asked what repercussions an announced visit to Venezuela-by leaders of the opposition party Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front -LRB- FMLN , left wing -RRB--would have for his government , Flores said that '' my concern is that they may be seeking to cause damage to the country . ''	ep
Unlike the STD -LRB- subscriber trunk dialing -RRB- services where a further rate cut may not be feasible , in the international services there is scope for more improvement , '' he said .	ep
Chavez may be a petty-minded populist who had done great damage to his country 's economy ; but he is also the legitimately elected president of Venezuela .	ep
When questioned by a reporter '' why the United States has supported a certain cold-blooded dictator in Latin America , '' Roosevelt gave a vivid reply : This dictator '' may be a son of bitch , yet he is our -LRB- the United States -RRB- son of bitch . ''	ep
The opposition leader has denied the charge all along , and although he was reluctant to go into depth about a case still before the courts , he did make brief reference to the prosecution 's star witness , Montreal-based consultant and former Israeli intelligence agent Ari Ben-Menashe , who may or may not travel to Zimbabwe for the trial .	ep
The opposition leader has denied the charge all along , and although he was reluctant to go into depth about a case still before the courts , he did make brief reference to the prosecution 's star witness , Montreal-based consultant and former Israeli intelligence agent Ari Ben-Menashe , who may or may not travel to Zimbabwe for the trial .	ep
'' He may walk with a cane , '' the study says , noting that he speaks Arabic and '' Southwest Asian countries and the Middle East are the places where he may travel around . ''	ep
'' He may walk with a cane , '' the study says , noting that he speaks Arabic and '' Southwest Asian countries and the Middle East are the places where he may travel around . ''	ep
The many and often confusing reports we have received over recent weeks on who may be responsible for the attacks already allows a clear pattern to be detected .	ep
Chang 's remark came in response to a foreign wire report that mainland China and the Vatican are preparing to bridge their differences and may even pave the way for full diplomatic relations .	ep
In Berlin , where he was the center of stormy celebration , he vindicated for himself the deeper truth that may be seen behind terror .	ep
He argued that had the West not continued to keep alive during the past several years the Cold War stereotype of a threat from the East , but would have concentrated instead on terrorism , the common enemy , the twin towers of New York may not have collapsed .	ep
The human rights advocacy group Amnesty International expressed concern about reports that the prisoners `` may be drugged , hooded and shackled , '' saying that they must be treated with full respect for international standards .	ep
