On this count , the national security adviser may have erred .	ep
Come to think of it , acquiring weapons of mass destruction per se may not be a correct basis for judging whether a nation is good or evil .	ep
The type of work that is occurring at Camp X-Ray may prove critical to preventing a new attack .	ep
Instead of lecturing the United States , our critics may better spend their time reminding others that if terrorists do n't want to be detained at Camp X-Ray , they should join the civilized world .	ep
The editor may decide to publish your comment as a letter to the editor ; Your personal information will be kept confidential and will never be disclosed to anyone	ep
But though it may lack tennis courts and a putting green , the amenities are better than you 'd find in a cave at Tora Bora .	ep
They are provided with a medical exam upon admission , and their diet -LRB- is someone making a point about diversity here ? -RRB- ranges from bagels and cream cheese to rice and beans -- all eaten with plastic utensils -- after which the prisoners may clean their teeth with specially shortened brushes .	de
Under the Geneva Convention , those holding true POWs are bound to release them at the end of hostilities ; but that is the last thing the U.S. wants to do with men who may be al-Qaeda operatives .	ep
That may well apply to members of al-Qaeda , a free-floating band of terrorists .	ep
That may be so ; unfortunately , as Amnesty International has pointed out , under the Geneva Convention the Pentagon has no business making such a determination .	ep
The prisoners may be in Cuba , but nobody has yet forced them to listen to Fidel Castro 's long-winded speeches .	ep
While calm has returned to Fleet Hospital 20 , officials elsewhere on the base are bracing for what they say may be inevitable : the death of one of the detainees .	ep
Washington and other Western governments may now strengthen the current mild sanctions against Zimbabwe .	ep
Political analysts say the charges may have laid the groundwork for Mugabe to jail Tsvangirai as a last-ditch effort to stay in power should he lose the election .	ep
Members of a movement that tried to prevent women working may be disconcerted to find that some of their guards are women .	ep
US officials are eager to question the three , who they believe may have vital clues about the whereabouts of Mullah Omar and Osama Bin Laden .	ep
'' It may not be what everyone wants , but it recognizes that the Senate is going to deal with climate on its power plant bill . ''	ep
Mr. Marx 's departure may pave the way for Miguel Kiguel , an economist from the Justicialist opposition party , to join Mr. Cavallo 's team .	ep
The appointment of Mr. Kiguel to succeed Mr. Marx may be seen as a way to bring the Justicialists into Mr. De La Rua 's ruling coalition , forming a sort of national unity government to address the economy .	ep
U.S. officials said the administration may freeze assets of Zimbabwean officials involved in the alleged rigging of the democratic process .	ep
On a more dangerous level , it may provide fodder to Taiwan 's military forces and play into the hands of Taiwan separatist extremists .	ep
The robust military build-up may not bring the so-called balance but menace instead cross-Straits peace and stability .	ep
Since the latest remarks and events may give these forces the impression that the United States is on their side and ready to provide military protection , they may become provocative enough to push the island to the edge .	ep
Since the latest remarks and events may give these forces the impression that the United States is on their side and ready to provide military protection , they may become provocative enough to push the island to the edge .	ep
But the stiffest opposition may yet come from the Argentines themselves .	ep
Now the country 's 5.6 million voters are waiting anxiously for the results of the poll to be announced , although the voting , which was supposed to end Sunday , may stretch on for days .	ep
Despite everything , there is still hope in Zimbabwe that this election may bring change .	ep
Birds will start flying an extra mile north each year , and may starve when they get there .	ep
In other regions , it may fall precipitously .	ep
The detainees may be shackled , even as they are operated on at the Gitmo hospital , but they have brand new copies of the Koran and Lively Salon anti-dandruff shampoo that promises '' a gentle formula to restore moisture to your beautiful clean hair '' .	ep
Neyts understands that developing countries may feel uneasy about the kind of trade negotiations that are conducted at WTO level .	ep
Engineers may adjust the computer software sometime if it becomes more of a nuisance , he said .	ep
A Russian supply ship docked to the International Space Station on Wednesday , but may not have latched properly into place .	ep
Bush 's secretary of state , Colin Powell , earlier concluded : '' Mr Mugabe may claim victory , but not democratic legitimacy . ''	de
Mugabe 's allies and detractors may all hope that he is spending the time reviewing the tense situation in the country and working out how best to calm fears and concern and rally Zimbabweans together .	ep
He also wrote that while the former minister may have been one of the longest-serving MPs , he was also one of the most '' unstable , '' noting his career was like a '' rough sea , '' with highs and lows and never calm .	ep
There were already several suppositions that Hugo Chavez may recover the position , but nobody could suppose the recovery would be so quick .	ep
According to the Russian Mission Control , the space walk may last from 3 to 6 hours because of the mission 's difficulty .	ep
Otherwise , the dynamic blow of the docking shuttle may set the Russian ship '' swaying '' which might damage the ISS .	ep
-LRB- AB -RRB- SYM All material may be reproduced as long as the source is acknowledged	de
A prominent Israeli official , Shim'on Peres , said when his army moved into the Janin refugee camp : '' I am afraid that a massacre may have been committed in the Janin camp . ''	ep
This may result in more intense armed confrontation .	ep
The terrorist groups may step up sabotage of US targets and the US allies .	ep
The US naming of North Korea may annoy China , given its assistance to the United States in the war in Afghanistan .	ep
This may , in part , explain why he clubbed two Islamic states with a religion ! -neutral country .	ep
As for Teheran specifically , its defiant view of America 's expanding strategic-military presence in Iran 's neighborhood at this juncture may have weighed with Mr. Bush .	ep
US President Bush has ordered the US Central Intelligence Agency -LRB- CIA -RRB- to assassinate America 's opponents wherever in the world they may be !	ep
When the Imam -LRB- may God be satisfied with him -RRB- issued the fatwa against Salman Rushdie for insulting the Prophet -LRB- peace be upon him -RRB- and the holy Koran , the countries that are so-called supporters of human rights protested against the fatwa .	de
The summit between George W. Bush and Fernando de la Rua may have changed many things , but it may also have changed nothing .	ep
The summit between George W. Bush and Fernando de la Rua may have changed many things , but it may also have changed nothing .	ep
Dramatic things may be happening in the Venezuelan situation , and it is more than time for Brazilian diplomats to take notice of South American necessities .	ep
From election to election and plebiscite to plebiscite , Venezuela is moving rapidly toward a '' legal coup '' that may be the logical consequence of the clashes inside Miraflores Palace .	ep
The electoral path followed by Chavez when his attempt at an open coup failed may now be the aperitif for the probable '' democratic coup '' that is being prepared from the inside out .	ep
Palestine is not an independent state with an army that may soon , if unchecked , march into the streets of Tel Aviv or overrun Jerusalem .	ep
However , we may be witnessing a distortion of reality , and even in some cases pure falsehoods .	ep
And it is possible that , at some given time , OPEC may hand it the bill for not collaborating in the reduction of the oil supply . ''	ep
That may be the case , but even the worst criminals have the right to a lawyer and to know the charges against them .	ep
The index will persumably not be applied for another two or three months , and it has not been ruled out that it may include loans already converted into pesos .	ep
'' Installment checks for time deposits : The money subject to a refund timetable may be used for purchases , but with restrictions .	de
The 12 , 18 , or 24 installments into which time deposits will be divided , depending on their amount , may be endorsed .	de
In any event , the oil industry may be asked for an advance on taxes due , as had been under consideration a couple of weeks ago .	ep
Be that as it may , the aim pursued by the White House seems to have been achieved .	ep
Straw added that Britain and the United States had become the closest allies after the '' September 11 '' incident , now they may no longer stand shoulder to shoulder .	ep
An US government official said that US diplomats to countries concerned are authorized to explain to these countries which may have doubts about Bush 's State of the Union speech , this is aimed at dispelling various countries ' doubt that the United States is about to dispatch troops to Iran , Iraq and Korea .	ep
To paint a dark picture of the threats facing the American empire may prove crucial at a time when the government is about to announce its state budget proposals , the cornerstone of which involves one of the largest increases of the last 20 years in the Pentagon 's budget .	ep
Things may even get better for him in the event of the crisis dragging on until 2004 , when he will probably try to be re-elected .	ep
Ann Crawd -LRB- name transliterated -RRB- , chairwoman of the UN Human Rights Commission , pointed out : '' The United States shall not play with human rights and may not violate the Geneva Convention Relative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War that we have signed . ''	de
It may even want to seek revenge and use them to reassert its authority .	ep
What worries the West and some other countries most is that , if the United States refuses to treat these detainees as POWs , then their soldiers may be treated the same way as the Guantanamo prisoners should they be captured by the Taliban remnants and other radical organizations when they take part in the United Nations ' peace-keeping missions .	ep
The prisoners in the orange one-piece overall not only can not move freely , but they may not be able to breathe normally .	ep
There will not be a jury , and these captives may not appeal .	de
Under the third Geneva Convention , prisoners of war may only be tried in the same courts and according to the same rules , as soldiers of the country that is holding the prisoners .	de
Bush may raise the greenhouse gas matter when he visits Japan for a three-day stay starting Sunday , although Japan 's weakened economy is expected to be the focus of talks .	ep
Since President Bush envisions using all options , however , we can not deny the possibility that the United States may take military actions .	ep
South Korean ministers fear Bush 's tough talking may put back by years Kim 's so-called Sunshine Policy of establishing a permanent peace .	ep
That may be the reason why the camp , which stands segregated from the military base proper , has been called Camp X-Ray .	ep
Although the defense officials declined to give details of the messages exchanged between the vessel and the North Korean side , they said , '' The ship may have been involved with the smuggling of drugs used to treat drug addicts . ''	ep
These problems would have to be dealt with under international plans to rebuild Afghanistan , which is estimated may cost 10 billion dollars and may take , Grandi told Tanka , three to four years to achieve .	ep
These problems would have to be dealt with under international plans to rebuild Afghanistan , which is estimated may cost 10 billion dollars and may take , Grandi told Tanka , three to four years to achieve .	ep
'' At this stage , as difficult as it may be to say so openly , the Palestinians are losing the battles to a superior force , but Israel is losing the war . ''	ep
Compounding fears is speculation that Bush may sign a fresh communique with China in return for Beijing 's support on issues such as anti-terrorism and prevention of nuclear proliferation .	ep
Compounding fears is speculation that Bush may sign a fresh communique with China in return for Beijing 's support on issues such as anti-terrorism and prevention of nuclear proliferation .	ep
The Palestinians believe that such a step would realize their national aspirations to full sovereignty despite the perils and implications that such efforts may have on their national unity that puts the higher Palestinian interests above every other consideration .	ep
While the intensity improvements may reduce this to around 33 % , this is still a very substantial increase in absolute emissions .	ep
The proposals by President Bush may represent a first step in the right direction , where also economic operators in the US are asked to contribute to emission control .	ep
Sadc will not participate in what ever form the sanctions may take , '' said taskforce chairperson Ms Lilian Patel , who is also Malawi Foreign Minister .	ep
Professor Shapiro and a growing number of other scientists believe DNA-based computers may lead to a number of useful applications -- they could be planted inside cells , where they would watch for irregularities or even synthesize drugs .	ep
The first illustration of a change in the position of the United States -LRB- the Fund 's leading shareholder -RRB- toward countries that may squander the American taxpayer 's money was the arrival in September of Ann Krueger , an ultraliberal American , as number two at the IMF .	ep
No matter how cynical this may appear , the US administration is mainly concerned with getting out of the recession and with relaunching the economy , rather than with the greenhouse effect .	ep
17 Kyodo -- Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi , who just completed a whirlwind tour of five Southeast Asian nations , said Thursday he longed for more leisurely trips -- but added that may have to wait until he leaves his post .	ep
This is the view I still hold so strongly that I must confess it may cloud my assessment of the just-concluded presidential elections .	ep
Judging from the selection of recovery sites for the two previous flights , the site for recovering the manned spaceship may be situated in the grassland of Inner Mongolia .	ep
The next step after the land recovery , China may change to recovering the manned spaceship on the sea .	ep
For the next flight , the top of the spaceship 's orbiter capsule may be installed with a docking module for docking tests between two spaceships .	ep
Because , strange as it may seem , prolonged , stagnant cold spells are also a result of global warming when there is less ventilation of the atmosphere as a whole .	ep
This may be convenient for Washington .	ep
The temporary security it may produce will be lost immediately if the troops are withdrawn .	ep
It may be the moment to offer the world 's television channels , from CNN to Qatar 's Al-Jazeera , full access -LRB- to the camp -RRB- .	ep
He believes that '' in any negotiation there may be someone who tries to impose conditions by cheating '' and said that in the case of Argentina , '' the cheaters were the IMF , '' who '' praised the policies -LRB- of the last decade -RRB- and held them up as an example '' and now '' they can not tell us that they did not know what was going on . ''	ep
Asked what repercussions an announced visit to Venezuela-by leaders of the opposition party Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front -LRB- FMLN , left wing -RRB--would have for his government , Flores said that '' my concern is that they may be seeking to cause damage to the country . ''	ep
Unlike the STD -LRB- subscriber trunk dialing -RRB- services where a further rate cut may not be feasible , in the international services there is scope for more improvement , '' he said .	ep
Chavez may be a petty-minded populist who had done great damage to his country 's economy ; but he is also the legitimately elected president of Venezuela .	ep
When questioned by a reporter '' why the United States has supported a certain cold-blooded dictator in Latin America , '' Roosevelt gave a vivid reply : This dictator '' may be a son of bitch , yet he is our -LRB- the United States -RRB- son of bitch . ''	ep
The opposition leader has denied the charge all along , and although he was reluctant to go into depth about a case still before the courts , he did make brief reference to the prosecution 's star witness , Montreal-based consultant and former Israeli intelligence agent Ari Ben-Menashe , who may or may not travel to Zimbabwe for the trial .	ep
The opposition leader has denied the charge all along , and although he was reluctant to go into depth about a case still before the courts , he did make brief reference to the prosecution 's star witness , Montreal-based consultant and former Israeli intelligence agent Ari Ben-Menashe , who may or may not travel to Zimbabwe for the trial .	ep
'' He may walk with a cane , '' the study says , noting that he speaks Arabic and '' Southwest Asian countries and the Middle East are the places where he may travel around . ''	ep
'' He may walk with a cane , '' the study says , noting that he speaks Arabic and '' Southwest Asian countries and the Middle East are the places where he may travel around . ''	ep
The many and often confusing reports we have received over recent weeks on who may be responsible for the attacks already allows a clear pattern to be detected .	ep
Chang 's remark came in response to a foreign wire report that mainland China and the Vatican are preparing to bridge their differences and may even pave the way for full diplomatic relations .	ep
In Berlin , where he was the center of stormy celebration , he vindicated for himself the deeper truth that may be seen behind terror .	ep
He argued that had the West not continued to keep alive during the past several years the Cold War stereotype of a threat from the East , but would have concentrated instead on terrorism , the common enemy , the twin towers of New York may not have collapsed .	ep
The human rights advocacy group Amnesty International expressed concern about reports that the prisoners `` may be drugged , hooded and shackled , '' saying that they must be treated with full respect for international standards .	ep
