Crouched in their cages in Cuba , they must know that back in Afghanistan TVs are glowing , Bollywood is bellowing , men are shaving , women unveiling and sending their daughters to school .	ep
We must strike , we must march , we must show that we are not goats . ''	de
We must strike , we must march , we must show that we are not goats . ''	de
We must strike , we must march , we must show that we are not goats . ''	de
The Kyoto Protocol on reducing greenhouse gas emissions must be ratified even without U.S. support , British Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott told an international conference on business and the environment on Friday .	de
Fifty-five countries responsible for 55 percent of emissions in 1990 must ratify it for it to take effect .	de
By way of contrast , the men and women of our military who have the extremely dangerous job of guarding these thugs live in 12-person tents , take cold showers using a hose , and often must cope without the benefits of electricity .	de
Please type in your comment below and press ' submit ' You must fill in your name and email address just in case we need to get in touch with you .	de
Politicians and commentators in London are now clamoring that all held in Gitmo must be guaranteed treatment in accordance with international law .	de
The Republican election platform reflected the candidate 's policy : '' All issues regarding Taiwan 's future must be resolved peacefully and must be agreeable to the people of Taiwan . ''	de
The Republican election platform reflected the candidate 's policy : '' All issues regarding Taiwan 's future must be resolved peacefully and must be agreeable to the people of Taiwan . ''	de
He told an interviewer : '' China must know that if circumstances warrant , that we will uphold the spirit of the Taiwan Relations Act . ''	de
'' Man , they must be so scared , '' says a TV camerawoman watching with an international media pool from about 400 yards away .	ep
'' It must be freaky , '' chimes in her colleague .	ep
He has choked off foreign investment by doubling the royalty payments oil companies must pay to the government and by restricting corporate ownership on some oil projects to 49 percent .	de
US State Department spokeswoman Lynn Cassel said : ` While we must wait for the final results , it is abundantly clear that this was a seriously flawed election . '	de
Mr. Carmona said that '' justice must be done '' for the families of those killed .	de
'' He must think he can defy gravity , because he 's pursuing the same crash course that Argentines and the rest of Latin America rejected a decade ago , '' says Christopher Ecclestone , head of investment boutique Buenos Aires Trust .	ep
For space tourism to truly take off , however , several things must happen , says Frank Sietzen of the Space Transportation Association , an aerospace-industry group in Arlington , Va .	de
'' It is our people who decide , who must say so , not you , sirs and not the one person in 10 Downing St . , Tony Blair , '' Mugabe said , referring to Britain 's prime minister .	de
Foreign Minister Sergei Ivanov told a global conference of government and military leaders that he sees no evidence that any of the three nations supports terrorism and insisted that any move against them must follow international law .	de
WASHINGTON -- President Bush 's declaration that countries such as Iran , Iraq and North Korea represent an `` axis of evil'' that must be prevented from acquiring weapons of mass destruction touched off questions around the globe Wednesday .	de
UN Secretary General Kofi Annan himself said , in his time , that the situation of indebted , undeveloped countries must be consideed , so as to avoid the repetition of a crisis such as ours .	de
Mr. Chretien , who this month headed off a move to suspend Zimbabwe from the Commonwealth in advance of the vote , said the election of Mr. Mugabe '' does not look very good '' but insisted Canada must wait for the results of a Commonwealth report before acting .	de
Almost five months later , I feel more certain that my analysis was essentially right : We must look to moral rather than political causes to understand this '' natural '' antipathy that so much of the planet shares .	de
'' We welcome the suspension for the reason that it must be regarded as an unambiguous message by the international community that the rule of democracy will be upheld in every part of the world , '' said Welshman Ncube , the MDC 's Secretary-General .	de
'' What is critical at the moment is to see how we can restore legitimacy on a government that has stolen an election and that government must now deal with national questions of drought and food shortages , '' Mr. Tsvangirai said .	de
'' Canada must push for punitive action against Mr. Mugabe and his band of thugs that have brutalized the people of Zimbabwe , which means an indefinite suspension from the Commonwealth , a ban on travel for Mugabe 's cronies and to freeze their personal assets . ''	de
Last spring the American National Academy of Science warned that because '' there is considerable uncertainty in current understanding of how the climate system varies naturally , '' any estimates of either the magnitude or the direction of future warming must be highly tentative .	de
AFTER SPENDING months in frigid Afghanistan caves subsisting on Allah knows what , the 158 detainees the United States is holding in tropical Guantanamo Bay must think they've died and gone to heaven .	ep
The Sudbury Star agrees : '' This conflict must now move to its next stage .	de
A tribunal , formed by the United Nations , must address the issue of these captured fighters and determine how they will be dealt with . ''	de
China will not agree to put its citizens on a foreign spaceship , as it must launch its own space vehicle from its own cosmodrome .	de
These accords explicitly stipulated that Israeli forces must not enter the Palestinian-controlled areas , which are called Areas A and cover all the Palestinian cities , naturally including Ramallah .	de
Both Washington and Israel must realize that the Palestinian people are intelligent enough to read between the lines and understand the long-term aims behind Condoleezza Rice 's statements .	de
Authoritative military sources said the army will be training and arming war veterans to ensure that Mugabe is re-elected in the ballot which must be held by the end of March .	de
The 21-member council must determine procedures and the number of people who will participate in the Loya Jirga , or traditional council of tribal elders .	de
The Loya Jirga has to appoint a transitional authority that will rule the war-ravaged country in the lead-up to democratic elections , which must be held within two years .	de
It must decide on rules and procedures for the convening of the Loya Jirga , as well as when and where it should meet , and for how long .	de
Then today , in Doha , they must condemn the US for allowing a hidden subsidy , which according to the US governments own figures is equivalent to between $ 76.7bn and $ 300bn by 2010 .	de
WTO decisions must not be allowed to overrule international environmental agreements ; the precautionary principle must be incorporated in decision-making , and patents on life must be banned , Parmentier added .	de
WTO decisions must not be allowed to overrule international environmental agreements ; the precautionary principle must be incorporated in decision-making , and patents on life must be banned , Parmentier added .	de
WTO decisions must not be allowed to overrule international environmental agreements ; the precautionary principle must be incorporated in decision-making , and patents on life must be banned , Parmentier added .	de
According to the accord , about 40 industrialized countries must cut or limit emissions of carbon dioxide and other heat-trapping gases by an average of 5.2 percent from 1990 levels by 2012 .	de
But due to the strong initiative of the global community , led by the European Union , countries agreed on a set of rules to implement the climate change treaty with or without the U.S. In order for the protocol to be implemented , it must be ratified by at least 55 parties , including enough industrialized countries to represent at least 55 percent of the total carbon dioxide emissions in 1990 .	de
If it chooses to characterize these detainees as POWs , then it must release some of them sooner or later and it is very likely that these people will again attack the United States with terrorist means .	de
Because the prisoners have the dual identities being the enemies and the weaker parties , the US Government must not act as if it is venting its personal grudge against them while detaining them .	de
Thus , the United States can not simply consider this issue as '' contradiction between the enemy and itself , '' it must also consider international relations .	de
Therefore , on the issue of defining these prisoners ' '' status , '' the United States must test the attitudes of the international community , especially the attitudes of European countries .	de
Before the war , the United States appeared as an upholder of justice ; while it still wants to handle problems like an upholder of justice after the war , it must win support .	de
They say that that there are too many restrictions in the camp , the cells are too small ... Mary Robinson , senior UN special commissioner for human rights , said : '' We must urge the United States to pay attention to respecting the obligations prescribed in international law . ''	de
When the prisoners are let out for exercise , take a bath , or go to the toilet , their hands must still be tied up , and two US soldiers will accompany them .	de
Clothing , underwear , and footwear shall be supplied to POWs in sufficient quantity by the Detaining Power ; and they must be adequate for ensuring POWs ' health .	de
Among the latter there is consensus that there will be a remission of capital and/or interest , but there must be options that are geared to the situation of each one .	de
According to the source , '' A key man is the finance secretary : he must specify the government 's fiscal margin . ''	de
Demonstrators carried banners which read , '' US must stop war .	de
Under the Geneva Conventions , POWs must be returned home at the end of the war .	de
One must not confuse '' justice and vengeance , '' lest one lose one 's '' moral advantage , '' European commissioner Chris Patten explained .	de
Now the international community is being forced to face reality : there is only one way to prevent those effects or reduce them to the minimum : emissions must be limited .	de
If things go on like this , the government must transform the current industrial structure into an environment-friendly one and minimize industries which use a host of energy such as petrochemicals and cement manufacturing .	de
'' War is war , '' he wrote in a letter to French daily Le Monde , '' and the safeguarding of human rights is clearly not the Pentagon 's foremost concern , but Europe must shoulder this task . ''	de
The New York Times and the Washington Post , after dithering for a few days , have now been saying in their editorials that a democracy must show itself to be such also by the way in which it treats terrorists .	de
What is South African President Thabo Mbeki 's point when he says the SADC must ensure that Zimbabwe has a free election when , as he knows , nothing practical is being done by the regional body to ensure that Mugabe indeed complies ?	de
For example , the EU and the SADC - as all others - must refuse to send observers if these are not allowed to be on the ground by the end of this week or early next week at the very latest .	de
It follows therefore that all these groups must reject in advance the fraud that is being staged under the guise of an election , unless Mugabe urgently meets all the minimum conditions that allow for a semblance of a free and fair ballot .	de
And as all must now know - Mbeki included - Mugabe has no chance at all of winning any ballot that is free from intimidation and violence , notwithstanding his desperate last-minute act to try to buy votes using the hurried land reforms .	ep
Bush pointed out that , as far as Afghanistan is concerned , this war '' is only beginning , '' which is why the US Army must be prepared for '' future operations . ''	de
He told thousands of cheering supporters that '' land reforms must proceed with greater speed and strength '' to shore up the economy , badly battered by years of political instability .	de
There are areas where we must work together because we have a common destiny , '' said Mugabe .	de
The ground must be shaking under the feet of Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon , even as his admirers in the United States , George W. Bush et al , are sabre-rattling about America 's new-found '' axis of evil '' .	ep
Whether there is merit in all these activities and ideas -- some seem doubtful -- the event that must have rocked the halls of power in Israel and the United States were the bold views of Saudi Arabia 's Crown Prince Abdullah were heard .	ep
This must now be ratified by all the parties and will shortly enter into force .	de
Although there is a certain satisfaction at seeing President Bush recognize the need to fight climate change , that must not in any way conceal the extreme weakness of what he announced .	de
Under the US program , US emissions as a proportion of GDP must fall by 18 percent between 2002 and 2012 , or in other words energy efficiency must increase by 18 percent .	de
Under the US program , US emissions as a proportion of GDP must fall by 18 percent between 2002 and 2012 , or in other words energy efficiency must increase by 18 percent .	de
Scientists estimate that the industrialized countries must reduce their emissions to around 70 percent by 2020 to maintain climate change at an acceptable level .	de
The return of the United States to the system must remain our goal .	de
Yasin Hatiboglu , Deputy Chairman of the SP -LRB- Felicity Party -RRB- 's Parliamentary Group , claiming that countries in which the programs of the IMF -LRB- International Monetary Fund -RRB- are implemented experience the same fate , has said that the government must see the social explosion that has occurred in Argentina .	de
Hatiboglu spoke as follows : '' This government must finally see the Argentine government , and the social explosion that has befallen Argentina .	de
Spain 's head of government and current EU Council President Jose Maria Aznar : '' This is a historic moment , since Europeans and North Americans must redefine their alliance . ''	de
One must not force Iran to the side of Saddam Husayn .	de
'' The two sides must forge mutual trust and work out certain procedures to ensure that talks are conducted on a solid basis , '' Tsai noted .	de
The international community must act immediately to pressure the Israeli government to step back from the dangerous course of action it is determined to pursue .	de
Expressing concern over dwindling moral values in the society , the Chief Minister said that youngsters must get inspiration from their glorious past and respect their parents and teachers .	de
This principle applies primarily to the attitudes that must prevail during any future negotiations .	de
It furthermore holds for the Israelis who decide to remain in Palestinian territory and who must no longer be encysted there .	de
Any renunciation of sovereignty by either party must be compensated by the other .	de
It must be acknowledged that the government of Ariel Sharon has so far taken the opposite tack and that , while he has grudgingly recognized the Palestinians ' right to a state , it has been under conditions such that this state , reduced to a series of Bantustans , has no chance of living and developing peacefully .	de
He thinks that every settlement is important and is determined that Israelis must retain as much land in the West Bank and Gaza Strip as possible .	de
Under these circumstances , Taiwan and Japan both must recognize clearly the important role of the navy .	de
Within the framework of that protocol , Belgium must reduce its greenhouse gas emissions by 7.5 percent , compared to 1990 , in the 2008-2012 period .	de
A cost-efficient division of efforts implies that each sector must limit its emissions to the point at which the additional costs for one extra ton of reduction are the same in all sectors .	de
As a result , the costs of additional restrictions on emissions in industry must be compared with those of other sectors , such as the transport sector , households , the service sector , and so forth .	de
Mugabe must be confronted with constitution issue Lovemore Madhuku 3/21/02 1:40:54 AM -LRB- GMT +2 -RRB- IT will be a monumental tragedy for Zimbabwe and the future of the democratisation process if we fail to draw proper and useful lessons from the debacle surrounding the just-concluded presidential election .	de
I must warn at the outset that there are two groups of persons whose analyses must be handled with caution .	de
I must warn at the outset that there are two groups of persons whose analyses must be handled with caution .	de
Yet I must declare my interests at the outset .	de
This is the view I still hold so strongly that I must confess it may cloud my assessment of the just-concluded presidential elections .	de
This much must be regarded as admitting of no doubt .	de
Politicians who in the run-up to the election peddled theories about how the '' will '' of the people would prevail notwithstanding the labyrinth of constitutional provisions loaded against a free and fair election must now admit that they were wrong .	de
Two points must be made .	de
Mugabe must be forced to yield to a new process of constitutional reform leading to a new constitution .	de
There must be mass action for a new constitution .	de
A fresh election must be held within 90 days .	de
It is him who must be confronted with such a demand as constitutional reform .	de
That draft must be forced on Mugabe and the NCA hopes that Zimbabweans will join in this noble cause to put in place a secure framework for good governance in Zimbabwe . - Lovemore Madhuku is task force chairperson of the National Constitutional Assembly and a lecturer in law at the University of Zimbabwe .	de
'' The political warning must be heeded .	de
Israeli 's antiterrorist operations must not bring the Palestinian Authority to collapse , Israeli forces must not reconquer the territories under the jurisdiction of the authority , and Arafat the man must not be molested .	de
Israeli 's antiterrorist operations must not bring the Palestinian Authority to collapse , Israeli forces must not reconquer the territories under the jurisdiction of the authority , and Arafat the man must not be molested .	de
Israeli 's antiterrorist operations must not bring the Palestinian Authority to collapse , Israeli forces must not reconquer the territories under the jurisdiction of the authority , and Arafat the man must not be molested .	de
Before predicting the future , we must learn how to predict the past , '' Kapitsa summed up .	de
For example , Prof. Viktor Danilov-Danilyan maintain that '' we must not speak of warming , but of global climatic changes ; warming is merely one aspect of these changes . ''	de
The Obligations of Foreign Countries Under the Kyoto Protocol Developed countries and transitional economies must reduce emissions of greenhouse gases by 2008-2012 by at least 5 percent from the recognized baseline year of 1990 .	de
The US , Japan and members of the EU must reduce emissions by 7 , 6 and 8 percent from the 1990 level .	de
Within the framework of the protocol our country must maintain records of , and monitor , emissions and emission quotas , as well as regulate quotas .	de
The 1949 Geneva Convention specifies that any belligerents captured in the course of war - be they regular soldiers , militia members or volunteers '' operating in or outside their territory even if this territory is occupied '' - must be accorded prisoner of war status .	de
Under the Geneva Convention , prisoners of war must be treated humanely .	de
Under the convention , they must '' be quartered under conditions as favourable as those for forces of the detaining power who are billeted in the same area . ''	de
The last few months have shown that his strategy of suppression has not prevented further suicide attacks , which -LRB- attacks -RRB- must be emphatically condemned in the strongest terms .	de
It must be clear to all who want peace that it is time for a different policy .	de
Israel must -- as was demanded by the United Nations -- withdraw from the occupied territories ; international peacekeeping forces should be deployed .	de
In return for recognition of an independent , sovereign Palestinian state , Israel 's right to security from its neighbors must be guaranteed .	de
In this context everyone must be aware that the core of the problem is still the illegally established Israeli settlements in the Palestinian autonomous regions , which have steadily been expanded in the last few years .	de
All who want peace must be aware that the material basis for a security guarantee for Israel will only be supplied with the withdrawal of all settlers and soldiers from the areas occupied in 1967 .	de
Britain said Sunday -LRB- 20 January -RRB- that al-Qa'ida suspects held at a US base in Cuba must be treated humanely , following the release of photographs showing prisoners kneeling , manacled , blindfolded and wearing ear muffs .	de
'' If a doubt exists as to the status of a person , this doubt must be decided by a tribunal acting on the basis of judicial guarantees , '' he added .	de
One must understand all the implications , often unfortunately invisible .	de
'' Everything must be done by everyone to bring about de-escalation , '' Mr Chirac added .	de
By supporting Sharon 's irresponsible saber rattling , Washington places strains on its relations with the Arab countries and needlessly puts off a settlement , in which it must some day play the role of midwife .	de
The Geneva Convention rules that prisoners must be freed or repatriated after the hostilities have ended .	de
Humanitarian organizations , however , believe that the Geneva Convention can be applied to these prisoners and that it states that they must be treated humanely and be subject to other rights in the place that has been baptized '' Camp X-Ray '' , in allusion to the building of the covered sheds with barbed wire in place of walls -LRB- that house the prisoners -RRB- .	de
In the event of disagreement , as is the case now , with the USA insisting that the issue concerns terrorists who do not belong to any state and who do not have rights as prisoners , the final decision should be left in the hands of '' an appropriate tribunal '' , which must be impartial and independent , as Article 5 of the third Geneva Convention states .	de
'' I think there must be reasonable things '' in the agreement the country reaches with the IMF , Diaz Bancalari said , and then he asserted that '' Argentina is a country in which one can do good business , but what they must know is that there is no more room for shady deals . ''	de
'' I think there must be reasonable things '' in the agreement the country reaches with the IMF , Diaz Bancalari said , and then he asserted that '' Argentina is a country in which one can do good business , but what they must know is that there is no more room for shady deals . ''	de
The inmates at ' Gitmo ' must confess , and serve as a warning to their comrades who are still free : This is the unpleasant truth .	de
The report says even though the Namibian Constitution provided that people arrested must be informed of the reason for their arrest and be brought before a magistrate within 48 hours of their detention , this has not been the case .	de
To earn legitimacy , however , US interests must be made to appear just .	de
To prove that human rights are important ammunition in the battle against terror , then , the US must attack terrorism to make human rights matter to these countries .	de
If , however , US President George W. Bush still believes in the supremacy of human rights , he must not forget the breeding ground for terrorists that exists within the anti-terrorist alliance .	de
That must rank as the understatement of the year .	ep
They must have been under orders -- orders stretching all the way back to the Oval Office .	ep
To the United States , Iraq 's Saddam Regime is a thorn in the eye and flesh which must be removed .	de
Besides these instances of American hostility towards Chavez , mention must be made of his oil policy within OPEC .	de
In anti-terror campaigns , '' there must also be very clear boundaries and I am worried specifically about the Uighur population in Xinjiang , I am worried about the situation in areas like Tibet for example , which I wish to raise , '' she said .	de
Under the agreement , industrialised nations must reduce their emissions of greenhouse gases by an average of 5.2 per cent -LRB- from 1990 levels -RRB- from between 2008 to 2012 .	de
Syed Hamid said the international community must deal with terrorism rationally and form a new '' security architecture '' to combat what he described as a '' new dimension of crime against humanity '' in the long term .	de
This is not the conventional security but it is internal and we must look at terrorism and its sources , '' he said .	de
Syed Hamid said critics must also accept that the war against terrorism could affect civil liberties .	de
And they placed the stress on the battle of endurance that must follow .	ep
A strategy that worldwide must include both a degree of repression but most importantly constructive and positive measures .	de
The human rights advocacy group Amnesty International expressed concern about reports that the prisoners `` may be drugged , hooded and shackled , '' saying that they must be treated with full respect for international standards .	de
`` If restraints are necessary , they must be applied humanely , with adequate opportunity for the prisoner to move limbs , use the bathroom and eat and drink , '' the group said in a statement .	de
In his latest speech , Chen said the long-standing dispute with China must be resolved through dialogue with respect to the principles of democracy and freedom .	de
`` The political players must overcome their divisions by finding a formula for consensus , '' said Lebatt , who is former foreign and cooperation minister of Mauritania .	de
`` One must ask ' opposition to whom and what ? ' . ''	de
