Crouched in their cages in Cuba , they must know that back in Afghanistan TVs are glowing , Bollywood is bellowing , men are shaving , women unveiling and sending their daughters to school .	ep
We must strike , we must march , we must show that we are not goats . ''	de
We must strike , we must march , we must show that we are not goats . ''	de
We must strike , we must march , we must show that we are not goats . ''	de
The Kyoto Protocol on reducing greenhouse gas emissions must be ratified even without U.S. support , British Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott told an international conference on business and the environment on Friday .	de
Fifty-five countries responsible for 55 percent of emissions in 1990 must ratify it for it to take effect .	de
By way of contrast , the men and women of our military who have the extremely dangerous job of guarding these thugs live in 12-person tents , take cold showers using a hose , and often must cope without the benefits of electricity .	de
Please type in your comment below and press ' submit ' You must fill in your name and email address just in case we need to get in touch with you .	de
Politicians and commentators in London are now clamoring that all held in Gitmo must be guaranteed treatment in accordance with international law .	de
The Republican election platform reflected the candidate 's policy : '' All issues regarding Taiwan 's future must be resolved peacefully and must be agreeable to the people of Taiwan . ''	de
The Republican election platform reflected the candidate 's policy : '' All issues regarding Taiwan 's future must be resolved peacefully and must be agreeable to the people of Taiwan . ''	de
He told an interviewer : '' China must know that if circumstances warrant , that we will uphold the spirit of the Taiwan Relations Act . ''	de
'' Man , they must be so scared , '' says a TV camerawoman watching with an international media pool from about 400 yards away .	ep
'' It must be freaky , '' chimes in her colleague .	ep
He has choked off foreign investment by doubling the royalty payments oil companies must pay to the government and by restricting corporate ownership on some oil projects to 49 percent .	de
US State Department spokeswoman Lynn Cassel said : ` While we must wait for the final results , it is abundantly clear that this was a seriously flawed election . '	de
Mr. Carmona said that '' justice must be done '' for the families of those killed .	de
'' He must think he can defy gravity , because he 's pursuing the same crash course that Argentines and the rest of Latin America rejected a decade ago , '' says Christopher Ecclestone , head of investment boutique Buenos Aires Trust .	ep
For space tourism to truly take off , however , several things must happen , says Frank Sietzen of the Space Transportation Association , an aerospace-industry group in Arlington , Va .	de
'' It is our people who decide , who must say so , not you , sirs and not the one person in 10 Downing St . , Tony Blair , '' Mugabe said , referring to Britain 's prime minister .	de
Foreign Minister Sergei Ivanov told a global conference of government and military leaders that he sees no evidence that any of the three nations supports terrorism and insisted that any move against them must follow international law .	de
WASHINGTON -- President Bush 's declaration that countries such as Iran , Iraq and North Korea represent an `` axis of evil'' that must be prevented from acquiring weapons of mass destruction touched off questions around the globe Wednesday .	de
UN Secretary General Kofi Annan himself said , in his time , that the situation of indebted , undeveloped countries must be consideed , so as to avoid the repetition of a crisis such as ours .	de
Mr. Chretien , who this month headed off a move to suspend Zimbabwe from the Commonwealth in advance of the vote , said the election of Mr. Mugabe '' does not look very good '' but insisted Canada must wait for the results of a Commonwealth report before acting .	de
Almost five months later , I feel more certain that my analysis was essentially right : We must look to moral rather than political causes to understand this '' natural '' antipathy that so much of the planet shares .	de
'' We welcome the suspension for the reason that it must be regarded as an unambiguous message by the international community that the rule of democracy will be upheld in every part of the world , '' said Welshman Ncube , the MDC 's Secretary-General .	de
'' What is critical at the moment is to see how we can restore legitimacy on a government that has stolen an election and that government must now deal with national questions of drought and food shortages , '' Mr. Tsvangirai said .	de
'' Canada must push for punitive action against Mr. Mugabe and his band of thugs that have brutalized the people of Zimbabwe , which means an indefinite suspension from the Commonwealth , a ban on travel for Mugabe 's cronies and to freeze their personal assets . ''	de
Last spring the American National Academy of Science warned that because '' there is considerable uncertainty in current understanding of how the climate system varies naturally , '' any estimates of either the magnitude or the direction of future warming must be highly tentative .	de
AFTER SPENDING months in frigid Afghanistan caves subsisting on Allah knows what , the 158 detainees the United States is holding in tropical Guantanamo Bay must think they've died and gone to heaven .	ep
The Sudbury Star agrees : '' This conflict must now move to its next stage .	de
A tribunal , formed by the United Nations , must address the issue of these captured fighters and determine how they will be dealt with . ''	de
China will not agree to put its citizens on a foreign spaceship , as it must launch its own space vehicle from its own cosmodrome .	de
These accords explicitly stipulated that Israeli forces must not enter the Palestinian-controlled areas , which are called Areas A and cover all the Palestinian cities , naturally including Ramallah .	de
Both Washington and Israel must realize that the Palestinian people are intelligent enough to read between the lines and understand the long-term aims behind Condoleezza Rice 's statements .	de
Authoritative military sources said the army will be training and arming war veterans to ensure that Mugabe is re-elected in the ballot which must be held by the end of March .	de
The 21-member council must determine procedures and the number of people who will participate in the Loya Jirga , or traditional council of tribal elders .	de
The Loya Jirga has to appoint a transitional authority that will rule the war-ravaged country in the lead-up to democratic elections , which must be held within two years .	de
It must decide on rules and procedures for the convening of the Loya Jirga , as well as when and where it should meet , and for how long .	de
He claims that he belongs to the good side and whoever is on the other side is the evil that must be destroyed or at least deserves condemnation .	de
Noheli Pocaterra , vice president of the National Assembly , stressed that it is up to Venezuela to decide its foreign policy and the United States must respect its decision .	de
Arzola added : Any recommendation by a country friendly to Venezuela , especially a country that is Venezuela 's No. 1 trade partner , must be heeded , as well as recommendations by the Church and the nation , which is demanding a rectification .	de
Comparing it with 19 April 1810 is another armed coup and must be rejected with all determination by the academies and by those who in one way or another must preserve our historical legacy from adulteration or deceitful use .	de
Comparing it with 19 April 1810 is another armed coup and must be rejected with all determination by the academies and by those who in one way or another must preserve our historical legacy from adulteration or deceitful use .	de
We must prevent his attempt to exercise power as if he had won on 4 February .	de
'' Now President Hugo Rafael Chavez Frias destroys what had been accomplished throughout more than half a century and intends to return to the obsolete military organization , not knowing the meaning of the duties of the organization , control and harmony organisms that military actions must have .	de
The weapon , they maintain , must be returned .	de
They maintain that Chavez must be taken to trial for treason , embezzlement and for theft of military weaponry .	de
Concerning Plan Bolivar 2000 , the bulletin points out that Chavez has used the FAN for tasks that are not appropriate or that must only be carried out in cases of emergency .	de
To prove it , the arguments gained ground in many countries that , for a fair settlement on the Middle East issues , Israel must discontinue its attacks against Palestine and suppression of Palestinians and the United States must not use double standards .	de
To prove it , the arguments gained ground in many countries that , for a fair settlement on the Middle East issues , Israel must discontinue its attacks against Palestine and suppression of Palestinians and the United States must not use double standards .	de
'' The fight against terror must not buy into that logic .	de
Human rights principles must not be compromised in the name of any cause . ''	de
Nevertheless , Sharon refuses to modify his hard-line posture , saying that '' we must win this war . ''	de
'' The president must go , he should resign , and before he does so , he should organize elections so that he leaves the country with a democracy , in the hands of a civilian , '' Soto boldly proclaimed at the '' pro-freedom '' forum .	de
Fogh : They must Be Given a Fair Trial '' The prisoners must be treated with respect for their integrity and religion , and they must be given a fair trial , '' Fogh Rasmussen says .	de
Fogh : They Must Be Given a Fair Trial '' The prisoners must be treated with respect for their integrity and religion , and they must be given a fair trial , '' Fogh Rasmussen says .	de
Fogh : They Must Be Given a Fair Trial '' The prisoners must be treated with respect for their integrity and religion , and they must be given a fair trial , '' Fogh Rasmussen says .	de
We must focus on the treatment of them . ''	de
Otherwise it must be a matter between the United States and the countries which have citizens who are directly affected , '' Peter Skaarup said , alluding to the United Kingdom and Sweden .	de
But for the time being , what exist are indications and shadows of suspicion which must materialize or be dispelled through knowledge of the facts from the relevant reports .	de
It must be known as soon as possible whether or not terror has been established in Guantanamo .	de
In this context , we must note the role of all Arab and international forces in curbing Israeli military operations against Palestinian cities and residential areas and in explaining the true picture of the situation to the United States .	de
France 's Chirac says Argentina must make necessary choices	de
Regardless of what Norway and other countries manage to do in this respect , we must prepare ourselves for climate changes .	de
How must local societies organize themselves if a couple of hurricanes every year become normal ?	de
We must avoid seeing environmental problems increase the social differences in the world .	de
Either the New Partnership for African Development -LRB- Nepad -RRB- is merely to entertain the international gallery during the occasional conference on '' sustainable development '' or Africa must itself impose a minimum of probity and respect for fundamental liberties .	de
But it must demand that the countries of Africa put their own house in order .	de
Apart from the reasons or justification for such an action , all the combatants ' war conduct must be constantly tested against the standards of international humanitarian law ; that is , the rules which curb the use of force during a military operation .	de
Back in 1949 , it was agreed by nearly all the states in the world that the sufferings of war must henceforth become more bearable , especially for those who are not directly involved in the conflict .	de
In addition , attempts must be made to prevent any unnecessary suffering by both military personnel and civilians by , for instance , imposing restrictions on the use of weapons .	de
Even if these attacks were directed against a clear military target , the large number of civilian casualties would still never be justifiable , because whoever plans a military attack must take all precautions to prevent such a tragedy .	de
The fight against terrorism is undoubtedly justified , but , as with every struggle , it also holds true that the fundamental principles of human rights and humanitarian law must be respected .	de
Australia should adhere to the Cardinal Principle of International Law , which states that all nations in the world must first respect and promote the humanitarian interests and progress of all humankind .	de
The evil is real , and it must be combated ... even in the midst of tragedy , specially in the midst of tragedy , God is there ... ''	de
At the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum held in New York , NATO Secretary General George Robertson said that in charging Korea , Iran and Iraq with so-called '' Axis of Evil '' , the United States must produce evidence .	de
Secretary of State Colin Powell admonishes his subordinates that when the mass media discuss the matter , the spirit and literal meaning of Bush 's speech must be strictly acted upon to avoid causing doubts in the external world .	de
Then today , in Doha , they must condemn the US for allowing a hidden subsidy , which according to the US governments own figures is equivalent to between $ 76.7bn and $ 300bn by 2010 .	de
WTO decisions must not be allowed to overrule international environmental agreements ; the precautionary principle must be incorporated in decision-making , and patents on life must be banned , Parmentier added .	de
WTO decisions must not be allowed to overrule international environmental agreements ; the precautionary principle must be incorporated in decision-making , and patents on life must be banned , Parmentier added .	de
WTO decisions must not be allowed to overrule international environmental agreements ; the precautionary principle must be incorporated in decision-making , and patents on life must be banned , Parmentier added .	de
According to the accord , about 40 industrialized countries must cut or limit emissions of carbon dioxide and other heat-trapping gases by an average of 5.2 percent from 1990 levels by 2012 .	de
But due to the strong initiative of the global community , led by the European Union , countries agreed on a set of rules to implement the climate change treaty with or without the U.S. In order for the protocol to be implemented , it must be ratified by at least 55 parties , including enough industrialized countries to represent at least 55 percent of the total carbon dioxide emissions in 1990 .	de
If it chooses to characterize these detainees as POWs , then it must release some of them sooner or later and it is very likely that these people will again attack the United States with terrorist means .	de
Because the prisoners have the dual identities being the enemies and the weaker parties , the US Government must not act as if it is venting its personal grudge against them while detaining them .	de
Thus , the United States can not simply consider this issue as '' contradiction between the enemy and itself , '' it must also consider international relations .	de
Therefore , on the issue of defining these prisoners ' '' status , '' the United States must test the attitudes of the international community , especially the attitudes of European countries .	de
Before the war , the United States appeared as an upholder of justice ; while it still wants to handle problems like an upholder of justice after the war , it must win support .	de
They say that that there are too many restrictions in the camp , the cells are too small ... Mary Robinson , senior UN special commissioner for human rights , said : '' We must urge the United States to pay attention to respecting the obligations prescribed in international law . ''	de
When the prisoners are let out for exercise , take a bath , or go to the toilet , their hands must still be tied up , and two US soldiers will accompany them .	de
Clothing , underwear , and footwear shall be supplied to POWs in sufficient quantity by the Detaining Power ; and they must be adequate for ensuring POWs ' health .	de
Among the latter there is consensus that there will be a remission of capital and/or interest , but there must be options that are geared to the situation of each one .	de
According to the source , '' A key man is the finance secretary : he must specify the government 's fiscal margin . ''	de
Demonstrators carried banners which read , '' US must stop war .	de
Under the Geneva Conventions , POWs must be returned home at the end of the war .	de
One must not confuse '' justice and vengeance , '' lest one lose one 's '' moral advantage , '' European commissioner Chris Patten explained .	de
Now the international community is being forced to face reality : there is only one way to prevent those effects or reduce them to the minimum : emissions must be limited .	de
If things go on like this , the government must transform the current industrial structure into an environment-friendly one and minimize industries which use a host of energy such as petrochemicals and cement manufacturing .	de
'' War is war , '' he wrote in a letter to French daily Le Monde , '' and the safeguarding of human rights is clearly not the Pentagon 's foremost concern , but Europe must shoulder this task . ''	de
The New York Times and the Washington Post , after dithering for a few days , have now been saying in their editorials that a democracy must show itself to be such also by the way in which it treats terrorists .	de
What is South African President Thabo Mbeki 's point when he says the SADC must ensure that Zimbabwe has a free election when , as he knows , nothing practical is being done by the regional body to ensure that Mugabe indeed complies ?	de
For example , the EU and the SADC - as all others - must refuse to send observers if these are not allowed to be on the ground by the end of this week or early next week at the very latest .	de
It follows therefore that all these groups must reject in advance the fraud that is being staged under the guise of an election , unless Mugabe urgently meets all the minimum conditions that allow for a semblance of a free and fair ballot .	de
And as all must now know - Mbeki included - Mugabe has no chance at all of winning any ballot that is free from intimidation and violence , notwithstanding his desperate last-minute act to try to buy votes using the hurried land reforms .	ep
Bush pointed out that , as far as Afghanistan is concerned , this war '' is only beginning , '' which is why the US Army must be prepared for '' future operations . ''	de
He told thousands of cheering supporters that '' land reforms must proceed with greater speed and strength '' to shore up the economy , badly battered by years of political instability .	de
There are areas where we must work together because we have a common destiny , '' said Mugabe .	de
The ground must be shaking under the feet of Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon , even as his admirers in the United States , George W. Bush et al , are sabre-rattling about America 's new-found '' axis of evil '' .	ep
Whether there is merit in all these activities and ideas -- some seem doubtful -- the event that must have rocked the halls of power in Israel and the United States were the bold views of Saudi Arabia 's Crown Prince Abdullah were heard .	ep
This must now be ratified by all the parties and will shortly enter into force .	de
Although there is a certain satisfaction at seeing President Bush recognize the need to fight climate change , that must not in any way conceal the extreme weakness of what he announced .	de
Under the US program , US emissions as a proportion of GDP must fall by 18 percent between 2002 and 2012 , or in other words energy efficiency must increase by 18 percent .	de
Under the US program , US emissions as a proportion of GDP must fall by 18 percent between 2002 and 2012 , or in other words energy efficiency must increase by 18 percent .	de
Scientists estimate that the industrialized countries must reduce their emissions to around 70 percent by 2020 to maintain climate change at an acceptable level .	de
The return of the United States to the system must remain our goal .	de
Yasin Hatiboglu , Deputy Chairman of the SP -LRB- Felicity Party -RRB- 's Parliamentary Group , claiming that countries in which the programs of the IMF -LRB- International Monetary Fund -RRB- are implemented experience the same fate , has said that the government must see the social explosion that has occurred in Argentina .	de
Hatiboglu spoke as follows : '' This government must finally see the Argentine government , and the social explosion that has befallen Argentina .	de
Spain 's head of government and current EU Council President Jose Maria Aznar : '' This is a historic moment , since Europeans and North Americans must redefine their alliance . ''	de
One must not force Iran to the side of Saddam Husayn .	de
'' The two sides must forge mutual trust and work out certain procedures to ensure that talks are conducted on a solid basis , '' Tsai noted .	de
The international community must act immediately to pressure the Israeli government to step back from the dangerous course of action it is determined to pursue .	de
Expressing concern over dwindling moral values in the society , the Chief Minister said that youngsters must get inspiration from their glorious past and respect their parents and teachers .	de
This principle applies primarily to the attitudes that must prevail during any future negotiations .	de
It furthermore holds for the Israelis who decide to remain in Palestinian territory and who must no longer be encysted there .	de
Any renunciation of sovereignty by either party must be compensated by the other .	de
It must be acknowledged that the government of Ariel Sharon has so far taken the opposite tack and that , while he has grudgingly recognized the Palestinians ' right to a state , it has been under conditions such that this state , reduced to a series of Bantustans , has no chance of living and developing peacefully .	de
He thinks that every settlement is important and is determined that Israelis must retain as much land in the West Bank and Gaza Strip as possible .	de
Under these circumstances , Taiwan and Japan both must recognize clearly the important role of the navy .	de
Within the framework of that protocol , Belgium must reduce its greenhouse gas emissions by 7.5 percent , compared to 1990 , in the 2008-2012 period .	de
A cost-efficient division of efforts implies that each sector must limit its emissions to the point at which the additional costs for one extra ton of reduction are the same in all sectors .	de
As a result , the costs of additional restrictions on emissions in industry must be compared with those of other sectors , such as the transport sector , households , the service sector , and so forth .	de
Mugabe must be confronted with constitution issue Lovemore Madhuku 3/21/02 1:40:54 AM -LRB- GMT +2 -RRB- IT will be a monumental tragedy for Zimbabwe and the future of the democratisation process if we fail to draw proper and useful lessons from the debacle surrounding the just-concluded presidential election .	de
I must warn at the outset that there are two groups of persons whose analyses must be handled with caution .	de
I must warn at the outset that there are two groups of persons whose analyses must be handled with caution .	de
Yet I must declare my interests at the outset .	de
This is the view I still hold so strongly that I must confess it may cloud my assessment of the just-concluded presidential elections .	de
This much must be regarded as admitting of no doubt .	de
Politicians who in the run-up to the election peddled theories about how the '' will '' of the people would prevail notwithstanding the labyrinth of constitutional provisions loaded against a free and fair election must now admit that they were wrong .	de
Two points must be made .	de
Mugabe must be forced to yield to a new process of constitutional reform leading to a new constitution .	de
There must be mass action for a new constitution .	de
A fresh election must be held within 90 days .	de
It is him who must be confronted with such a demand as constitutional reform .	de
That draft must be forced on Mugabe and the NCA hopes that Zimbabweans will join in this noble cause to put in place a secure framework for good governance in Zimbabwe . - Lovemore Madhuku is task force chairperson of the National Constitutional Assembly and a lecturer in law at the University of Zimbabwe .	de
'' The political warning must be heeded .	de
Israeli 's antiterrorist operations must not bring the Palestinian Authority to collapse , Israeli forces must not reconquer the territories under the jurisdiction of the authority , and Arafat the man must not be molested .	de
Israeli 's antiterrorist operations must not bring the Palestinian Authority to collapse , Israeli forces must not reconquer the territories under the jurisdiction of the authority , and Arafat the man must not be molested .	de
Israeli 's antiterrorist operations must not bring the Palestinian Authority to collapse , Israeli forces must not reconquer the territories under the jurisdiction of the authority , and Arafat the man must not be molested .	de
Before predicting the future , we must learn how to predict the past , '' Kapitsa summed up .	de
For example , Prof. Viktor Danilov-Danilyan maintain that '' we must not speak of warming , but of global climatic changes ; warming is merely one aspect of these changes . ''	de
The Obligations of Foreign Countries Under the Kyoto Protocol Developed countries and transitional economies must reduce emissions of greenhouse gases by 2008-2012 by at least 5 percent from the recognized baseline year of 1990 .	de
The US , Japan and members of the EU must reduce emissions by 7 , 6 and 8 percent from the 1990 level .	de
Within the framework of the protocol our country must maintain records of , and monitor , emissions and emission quotas , as well as regulate quotas .	de
The 1949 Geneva Convention specifies that any belligerents captured in the course of war - be they regular soldiers , militia members or volunteers '' operating in or outside their territory even if this territory is occupied '' - must be accorded prisoner of war status .	de
Under the Geneva Convention , prisoners of war must be treated humanely .	de
In order to be effective , it must be well anchored in the Member States ' national authorities .	de
The necessary and valuable spirit of initiative must be offset by a sense of responsibility towards society .	de
Admittedly , there is the International Oil Pollution Compensation Fund , IOPCF , but it waters down the issue of liability and sets its ceiling at a quite inadequate level , which must be reviewed .	de
Current programmes must be accelerated .	de
This must naturally lead to a reformulation of development goals and strategies , together with a transformation of institutions and processes so that both women ' s and men ' s priorities and needs are better reflected .	de
There is a willingness but fear pervades , and to assuage this fear we must find political and religious leadership not only in Ireland but throughout the European Union .	de
We must therefore find a political solution .	de
We must create joint , interregional and transnational management bodies , in which all local and regional authorities , as well as economic and social operators , play an active role .	de
Genetically modified additives must also be clearly identified in feedingstuffs in order to allow the end-consumer to choose food without GMO components or based on GMO components and to guarantee this .	de
We must have more equality between our ACP partners and our European members and I want to get rid of the " them and us " syndrome .	de
In order to achieve this strategic direction , there must be an institutional alliance which transcends the natural differences of political opinion .	de
We must without doubt take up the challenges laid down in this report , but must also institute a genuine Community policy on conservation and sustainable management .	de
Ports must be equipped with reception facilities .	de
When it comes to protecting health and the environment we must be ambitious if we really want to improve the situation .	de
Naturally , I imagine , he must mean any country that does not belong to the European Union ....	ep
We must bring the new standard into force as soon as possible . It is in our interests to do so , but what we are lacking is commitment on the part of the Americans .	de
Political dialogue must be structured and take the form of regular consultations .	de
I believe we must adopt an open and transparent strategy here , so that we can say in all candour how we dealt with the funding that was made available to the groups .	de
I share his opinion but , given the cross-border nature of the problem , the response must be at Union level .	de
We therefore move the inadmissibility of this report which , in addition to having a dubious legal basis , was not properly prepared and does not enjoy the broad consensus which Europe must have .	de
We must strike a balance . This is necessary if our citizens are to have confidence in European cooperation .	de
We must have a majority of two thirds of the Member States , even if that means providing at the same time for a simple majority of Member States representing a majority of the total EU population .	de
The application and control of Community legislation is also important . The Member States must cooperate in this application .	de
Where operations are concerned , we must have a method which is fast and legally correct and which permits transparency , and we must therefore have a more regular budgetary procedure .	de
Where operations are concerned , we must have a method which is fast and legally correct and which permits transparency , and we must therefore have a more regular budgetary procedure .	de
This anomaly must be resolved without delay .	de
A major effort must be made in terms of harmonisation and simplification of rules .	de
I am in favour of this report but I do not agree with its hypocrisy . We must be more courageous !	de
The situation regarding competition in the fixed networks must also be radically improved .	de
There are a whole range of activities connected to the tobacco industry , which we must protect at all costs .	de
We must therefore have cross-border cooperation to prevent the trade from developing .	de
We must obtain relevant and reliable information which can be compared .	de
It is our view that the IGC must succeed , that it is absolutely crucial that it succeeds , but not at any price .	de
I am fully aware of the problems encountered by some Members of the European Parliament and I must tell you that the French authorities are extremely sensitive to these issues .	ep
Recent events have given us grounds to think that these are possible consequences , which must be prevented at all costs .	de
Of course , we must have clear information permitting full traceability from farm to plate .	de
The regulation on the subject of the Community ' s forests must be reformed , but Parliament cannot undertake financial commitments until the present regulation expires in 2001 .	de
We must have good coordination between the assistance agreement , which has recently been debated here in the Chamber , and the rules concerning money laundering .	de
If anybody wants to attach themselves to it , they must have the agreement of all the groups which have produced the text .	de
A common approach must be adopted to address these problems . In its Helsinki report , the Commission clearly signalled that it cannot solve all these problems by its own efforts alone .	de
I repeat that we must have a minimum degree of internal coherence in our policies .	de
Mr President , there must be a common and effective EU contribution to the success of the UN World Conference Against Racism next year and its European preparatory conference next month .	de
This is a fight which must engage us all and which must be able , specifically , to count on the participation of the European Parliament in defining the strategies to adopt and the priorities to set .	de
They must have a sound and responsible administration , staffed by men and women who are trained in Community procedures and in budgetary rules .	de
Controls must be tightened up , and the ultimate use to which exported arms are put must be strictly monitored In a word , the trade in death must stop .	de
Firstly , we must promote the development at national level of information and awareness-raising policies targeting families and the world of education in general .	de
There is one point which I must stress in particular .	de
I do not know if it will be under the urgent procedure but , in essence , it must be as quickly as possible .	de
The text of the Treaties must be comprehensible , above all from the point of view of the citizens .	de
The EU must acquire a credible foreign policy . We cannot rely upon the United States forever more .	de
You said that this would be the last time you would speak , Mr Fatuzzo , but you must just have meant for today !	ep
More importantly , we must learn from this latest experience .	de
I also wish to say that there must be solid grounds for bans within the single market .	de
Commissioner , Minister , we must have strict controls in order to guarantee that specified risk materials are separated out throughout the entire animal food chain .	de
The CAP must be reorganised to encourage farmers .	de
As there is still a lot of uncertainty , we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken .	de
We must provide a broad definition of a support system and therefore cannot accept Amendments Nos 16 and 19 .	de
This is why more women must be involved in negotiations , in prevention operations , in management ...	de
We must instigate a major debate among the citizens of Europe , getting them involved in our debates . My third point concerns participation .	de
We must have a full picture of all parties ' responsibilities and hence of their liability .	de
In order for Treaty reform , and indeed enlargement , to be a success it must have the full support of the people .	de
The EU must acquire a common constitution .	de
Mr President , given the economic and geopolitical importance of Russia , the European Union believes it must seek a common strategy on the subject .	de
More humanitarian aid must be delivered .	de
A framework directive on postal services in Europe must therefore be drawn up as quickly as possible , since the Nice Summit gave the " green light " to this project .	de
We must produce a coordinated strategy for employment in conjunction with measures to counter discrimination on the grounds of age and modernise pensions and health schemes .	de
These are shortcomings that must be reviewed as a matter of priority .	de
European politics , military and civilian action must be coordinated effectively . This is another expectation which the world has of us , and rightly so .	de
However , measures must also be taken to avoid the obvious danger of information poverty .	de
As this becomes increasingly important , we must have an Institutional Agreement in which the role of Parliament is strengthened .	de
Secondly , we must continue to exert pressure on the Taliban regime so that it ceases its systematic crimes against human rights .	de
So this means that there must be a response , and a change of course , from the Heads of State and Government too .	de
We must , therefore , have an information policy that provides the Iraqi people with knowledge , so that this regime can finally be overthrown .	de
We must have the framework first and then look at how it is best implemented and whether such harmonisation is appropriate .	de
There must be a European-wide political agreement concerning the framework decision on the identification , seizure and confiscation of products of crime .	de
However , amendments have been proposed which seek to extend the Commission proposal even further . For example , the definition of public authorities must include agencies and legal persons acting on behalf of the public authorities .	de
Our citizens must receive sufficient training and so achieve good skills .	de
There must be strong , independent and open public research in the field so that there is also research into areas which are not of immediate commercial interest and into the problems and risks posed by the technology .	de
Whether it be this issue or the environment or the application of the precautionary principle , we must have the democratic freedom to be able to insist on some minimum standards acceptable to the majority of our citizens .	de
We must have access to more documents , and it is completely unacceptable that we should sit here in Parliament without knowing what our own ministers are saying and doing in the Council when they legislate .	de
There must be special grounds for exceptions to this rule .	de
We must have sustainable energy policies .	de
The economic policy of the Union must clearly be consistent with the principles of its employment policy and the social agenda .	de
We must have intelligent sanctions .	de
As the rapporteur says , the Commission must present rapid proposals for the safety of services .	de
As consensus must be reached at Doha , however , giving in to the United States and the Cairns Group by abandoning our farmers to the productivist and ultraliberal global market is not an adequate approach .	de
In the light of the enlargement , every effort must be made to achieve this also in the candidate countries in the shortest possible time .	de
We must have clear European standards and European measuring methods .	de
We must pay special attention to this issue in order to adequately weigh up the different actions relating to the forests : prevention , improvement , conservation and the restoration of burnt areas and forestation .	de
We must therefore set up a true system of ports of refuge and safe ports of anchorage where damage can be limited . We welcome this proposal , although we have tightened it up slightly .	de
In the peripheral regions too , we must treat the riches of the sea that we have been given sensibly .	de
We must strive for a policy which can meet quite a few different objectives at the same time . We must weigh immediate needs against the long-term consequences of decisions and their impact outside the EU .	de
The production of energy and the cultivation of energy crops offer an alternative income-generation opportunity for our farmers in Europe , which must be exploited .	de
There must be standardised rules across Europe to allow victims of the traffic in human beings and domestic slavery to escape their persecutors .	de
In connection with the Macedonian peace proposal , the Macedonian parliament must hold a debate as a matter of urgency .	de
That is why agreements must be made globally , preferably in the context of the World Trade Organisation .	de
There must be mutual recognition .	de
More importantly , however , we must make firm proposals that seek to put an end to these despicable acts .	de
Air traffic has increased considerably and we must treat safety issues with particular attention .	de
We must , at long last , move away from our non-vaccination policy .	de
There must also be increasing cooperation between intelligence services and a strengthening of Europol .	de
And we must do so jointly with the United States .	de
It is becoming ever clearer that the response must be measured and proportionate , and the consequences for all must be anticipated and planned .	ep
A military and intelligence response must , in any case , be accompanied by an incisive Union policy in the areas where there is worst crisis : an action intended to extinguish the flames of desperation and intolerance .	de
An extra effort must therefore be made to ensure that it is the job and the responsibilities , and not the individual ' s gender , which decide how much he or she is paid .	de
We must improve how the system works .	de
There must be an increase in openness and public control .	de
We must build upon a clear division of power in which political responsibility can be insisted upon .	de
We had insisted on the need for decisions to be made quickly , but in every case we must first consult Parliament fully .	de
There must be an equal balance of effort and sharing of responsibility to prevent both forum shopping by asylum seekers and ' pass the parcel ' by Member States .	de
The Council must certainly be made aware of this .	de
I should like to highlight this sector in particular , because we are still a long way from having the really efficient network of libraries in Europe that is an absolute must .	de
If we are to succeed , we must have the backing of a broad coalition , under the aegis of the United Nations .	de
It tells us that we must populate Europe because Europe has a population deficit .	de
We must have adequate education , monitoring and research .	de
There must be proper legal protection of foreign investments and investors in Vietnam and the corruption there must be brought to an end .	de
We must also accelerate the completion of security programmes relating to checks on hold luggage and ensure that our decisions have been implemented .	de
And in the knowledge that 314 votes must be attained , you should have acted more wisely .	de
The European fisheries policy must be brought much more closely in line with European development policy .	de
We must increase competition at ports .	de
As it is difficult to recycle plastic , something must be done about this .	de
Political decisions must be based on sound data , and the directive must be adapted accordingly .	de
In European research , we must take a step forward both qualitatively and quantitatively speaking .	de
I agree with Mr Poettering that Europe must speak with one voice .	de
There must be a genuine rethink of transport policy at European level .	de
There must be a swift , impartial , effective inquiry into these massacres .	de
We must also have a proper evaluation of the year in clear and simple language , and in accessible formats .	de
We must have mechanisms in place to stop this recurring year on year .	de
We must have effective administration and make sure that people regain their confidence in the European Union .	de
We must be prepared for a long haul .	de
Mr President , the Honourable Member must understand that it is impossible for me to answer such detailed questions .	ep
However , the fact that no decisions have been taken on the future of the Galileo European satellite navigation project is a regrettable example of what we must avoid .	de
We must also have instruments of political cooperation .	de
We must introduce an integrated policy through genuine cooperation at international level , whilst striving hard not to give in to a lax attitude , which would have a detrimental effect on our work .	de
We must have improved scientific information : there can be no broad-brush approach , as has been said .	de
We must take a different approach , where the public services are provided by public companies and monitored by the citizens .	de
I fully agree that we must have predictable accepted methodologies so that anybody can assess how we have come to these conclusions .	de
We must have more PCs at school per student .	de
Insupportable debts must be substantially lowered , and the Debt Repayment Fund must be adequate for this .	de
The point I made in my speech in the debate was that it is not enough to have common agreement to respect rights ; you must have effective remedies .	de
We must now gather support from the international community for those measures .	de
We must check this very carefully , and we must ensure once again that these competences are returned either to national parliaments or to the European Parliament .	de
This is an aspect that the national authorities must focus on , without fail , in order to enhance the attraction of Structural Funds in the private sector .	de
If we are to be able to create a dynamic and competitive Europe , then deregulation , liberalisation , structural changes and tax reductions must be implemented .	de
The Socrates Programme must be managed efficiently , and this also includes coordination with other European programmes .	de
There must also be the vision of ' living together ' , of solidarity between rich regions and poorer regions , and of access for everyone to a number of fundamental rights .	de
We must set up this internal market for food supplements .	de
Customers who must have money .	de
We must now have the last question to the President-in-Office of the Council , because he must leave at 7 p.m. on the dot to catch his flight .	de
The European Union must agree to prioritise growth and employment , promoting the genuine integration of the economies of the Member States .	de
In this case - and I must stress this , as it may be an issue on which Mr Oostlander and myself do not agree - the national administrations are the key players in this programme .	de
There must be a bilateral solution , urgently required , supported by the new Dublin II but reached through pragmatic bilateral agreement .	de
Children who are left alone to flee from war and oppression must receive all the support we can give them .	de
In order that co-operation is as close as possible , there must be an exchange of personal data of those few who pose a threat to security .	de
The plan for funding this process , through specialised sections of the EIB now and a Euro-Mediterranean Development Bank in the future , must be welcomed with open arms .	de
Actual steps must be taken in order to ensure that this is done .	de
Firstly , we must have a detailed survey on the international mobility of students , since none exists at the moment .	de
This is certainly a major challenge - a challenge for the Europe of culture and values - which we cannot afford not to take up and in which we must succeed .	de
We do not want to hear once again , Mr President , that Europe must have a foreign policy .	de
If the objective of reducing the fishing fleet is successfully to be achieved , policy must be radically revised .	de
We must have a standardisation of sampling , reporting and the way in which these matters are dealt with .	de
However , before taking any legislative measures , we must identify the reasons why the food chain has been downgraded and adulterated .	de
Mr de Miguel , I completely share your view that a better description must be produced and that the budget must be planned more effectively .	de
The Union must have its own competence in matters involving economic policy , and it must have a redefined framework for the coordination of national policies , as well as fiscal harmonisation of the budgetary and revenue tools .	de
This situation must change , and it must be based on greater coordination among the Member States themselves and greater involvement by them and the European Union in the various stages of United Nations programmes .	de
We can distribute responsibility around the various Member States , but we must have a coordinated policy .	de
We must develop a policy that will work .	de
Fourthly , a VAT level must be set which is harmonised at European level .	de
The good cause is not served by duplication . The distribution of tasks must be clear .	de
We must have time to discover how we are to resolve this matter .	de
We must also review policy in areas in which we know that we are at present , in actual fact , harming poor countries in particular .	de
Europe must become more innovative .	de
We must set up a true common asylum and immigration policy .	de
We must have Rules of Procedure which reflect a positive view of family and children , something not expressed by the present Rules .	de
We must also prepare a reserve plan to cover the contingency of there being a ' no ' vote in Ireland .	de
We must deal with this report with enthusiasm and not become discouraged , because the positions seem so opposed that an agreement appears impossible .	de
In order to promote the use of biofuels , a tax incentive must be introduced .	de
The EU and the Member States must make far greater efforts in the field of de-escalation .	de
There must be labelling and transparency .	de
There must be guidelines regarding ingredients .	de
We must definitely have data based on research regarding which materials improve the state of the environment most and in which circumstances .	de
We must continue with the campaign against violence and with preventive measures .	de
Mr President , I shall just speak very briefly to tell Mr De Keyser that he must have been wrongly informed .	ep
I reiterate that the EU must have a consistent approach and should not extradite individuals to countries where they may be at risk of incurring the death penalty .	de
As you must be aware , the Protocol we are to debate today is linked to the European Community 's recently implemented ratification of the Cartagena Protocol on Biosafety .	ep
You must agree that it will be an important project for years to come .	ep
There must therefore , of course , be better coordination , and I am able to welcome the initiatives the Commission is working on in this area .	de
We must have institutions that fight for citizens ' rights in the EU .	de
We must have colleagues who show that they are in favour of securing citizens ' rights , but that is not enough in itself .	de
These must be conducted with the full participation of local people and we must have the results of those impact assessments before negotiations start .	de
My group is deeply worried that corruption remains widespread and that much work must be done to implement the acquis in justice and home affairs .	de
In other words , they must not necessarily be changed each year .	de
We must have proper democratic control .	de
It must also be a political association . In other words , we must get used to addressing all global political issues together with our Mediterranean partners .	de
And an increase - as the rapporteurs have said - in the monitoring of pharmaceuticals , because the effects of medication do not end with authorisation , and furthermore there must be continued monitoring .	de
Firstly , because the European Commission had the courage to tackle head on a considerable and practical problem which , whether you like it or not , must be resolved .	de
The EU must create sustainable fishing which can survive in the long term .	de
We must have similar access to other working parties ' working documents and minutes , and we must have access immediately so that we can follow developments before the laws are adopted .	de
When supervision and operation are handed over to the various directorates-general , they must be monitored effectively .	de
I believe that there must be tough rules in place to prevent conflicts of interest among financial journalists .	de
We must have the full and fair implementation of the Copenhagen criteria in political and economic matters .	de
We must take account of other indicators that are just as relevant and quantifiable , such as accessibility , public infrastructures and employment rates .	de
To avoid deliberately upsetting nature , we must draft effective climate policy .	de
This is , in my view , a clear and transparent stance , which we must sustain at all costs .	de
A safeguard clause must therefore be included .	de
We must have time and the proper analysis of how the process has been functioning .	de
We must reach an interinstitutional agreement .	de
I say that if the scientists cannot go and argue their case in the Irish Sea then it must not be a scientific case that they are really arguing .	ep
The European Parliament must achieve greater participation without necessarily demanding the right to make decisions .	de
The Commission must do this in a much more focused way .	de
We really must be allowed enough time .	de
Yes , there must be emergency action plans .	de
We must introduce a global dimension , a clear statement must be issued by the OIE and there must be effective monitoring of imports , including at airports .	de
We must introduce a global dimension , a clear statement must be issued by the OIE and there must be effective monitoring of imports , including at airports .	de
The first thing we must do is understand .	de
It must be diverse if it is to be democratic .	de
We must have this .	de
We must also have a compensation rule for ports or places of refuge that take in ships .	de
We must not only have a common goal but also a common working method , and I am somewhat stricter than you are when it comes to discouraging new national rules .	de
All players must have a management system , and there must be common safety certificates for staff , for rolling stock and also for the infrastructure manager .	de
This difficult process must also be given more political support , and it is a pity that business must sacrifice flexibility for the sake of regulation , flexibility being the keyword in the sector .	de
In concentrating the services in one or two main players we must be sure that we do not risk security in the event of institutional collapse .	de
In order to exert maximum influence , coordination must take place with the United States on as many aspects as possible .	de
Moreover , there must be safeguards to ensure that we do not encourage the use of marriage as an avenue to gain illegal entry .	de
This must be explained .	de
We must therefore create a new binding international legal instrument , not just to further and promote cultural diversity but to establish trade rules for cultural goods and services too .	de
On culture - less than 0.5 % of total expenditure - we must have an effective procedure for the A-30 lines .	de
We must have a policy that is able to accommodate the different levels of economic development and of commitment to our value system .	de
We must be more ambitious and more decisive if we are to resolve the causes of inequality , violence and poverty .	de
In the final analysis , we must have a decision , within Europe , on the real nature of our Treaties .	de
We must have a second UN resolution , we must have a clear timetable in order to say inspectors can go on for so long but no further .	de
We must have a second UN resolution , we must have a clear timetable in order to say inspectors can go on for so long but no further .	de
We must have an adequate fishing industry .	de
Particular attention must be paid to women who find it harder to achieve equality of opportunity , such as women with disabilities , immigrants and heads of families .	de
The UN needs to be reformed , and we must get a broad discussion under way about what international law really entails and about how it might be able to protect people in future .	de
We must not have agencies just so that all the Member States can have their ' baby ' .	de
Our accounting must be on an accrual basis .	de
In fact , we must make further efforts to ensure that the programme can be a real option for everyone and indeed , why should it not become a normal part of university education in Europe ?	de
As you must already know , Parliament , together with the Commission , will make up the delegation from the Community , which has observer status with the United Nations Commission on Narcotic Drugs .	ep
Those procedures must therefore be changed in one way or another , in spite of all the mediation that has taken place in the meantime .	de
If the curious consumer wishes to know more , they must consult the manufacturer by way of the latter 's web site and by telephone .	de
Secondly , the criteria must be clear .	de
We must implement a new policy which integrates all European actions .	de
The role of public health in the Treaty really must be laid down and reinforced now .	de
We must also have joint travel advice because there certainly is something the matter .	de
It must be put on a sound financial footing .	de
We must have proper checks on the readiness and the value of our contingency plan .	de
We must have the resources , knowledge and personnel to react quickly .	de
We must have a concerted , organised and united approach to prevent illegal imports .	de
We must use a proper map , a genuine maritime-style map .	de
The least-favoured areas must be given special intention in view of the impact the total decoupling of aid will have on them .	de
Other elements must be added to them however .	de
We must have an early-warning system in place to pinpoint areas of potential disagreement at the earliest possible moment .	de
This Parliament has a central role to play in this and must take on board its responsibilities , but the Council and the Commission must give us greater cooperation .	de
However , to do that it must set aside the ethnic differences of the north and south , outlaw the extremes of Sharia law and work together towards economic prosperity .	de
To do that we need very clear and detailed rules , but there must be a level playing field across Europe , and in this case that means a harmonised and more effective method of testing .	de
One of them must have a majority in the European Parliament , but Parliament cannot elect a second .	de
At the same time , there must be a reliable verification system .	de
Not everyone was in agreement with all the points in the report , but that does not prevent me from wanting the debate to continue , because it must exist .	de
If the citizens of Europe want a constitution , there must be a constitutive process based on democracy , social rights , public services and the general interest .	de
Although we are taking the new Member States into full consideration , the regions in the current Member States needing special support must also be included in any new plans .	de
There must be a regional policy .	de
This means that we must stand united .	de
The definition must be clear so that the citizens can understand these competences and it must be transparent so that these are not open to interpretation by institutions that might have a more opaque way of doing things .	de
Europe must have prisons that are fit for human beings .	de
Although I do feel that such an agency would be useful , we must stop and think before launching such an undertaking .	de
We must ensure support for these languages by making use of the possibilities provided by the existing programmes .	de
There must also be a necessary reserve of key energy products in stock .	de
Our willingness to use the euro in the European Union must be confirmed and increased every day .	de
The European Union must not set up an organisation in parallel with NATO .	de
First of all , there must be a balance between social and economic considerations .	de
We must show solidarity with future generations .	de
The Commission is working on this area , but we must time things carefully .	de
We need clear criteria for the awarding of subsidies to organisations and projects , and these must be clearly publicised , so that the applicants know where they stand .	de
There must be more investment in clean sources of energy and energy saving and that must also manifest itself in the budget .	de
And push we must .	de
There must also be cultural autonomy for Tibet .	de
We must have a successful debate on this .	de
We must take immediate , concerted action to support the victims .	de
We must have a single start date .	de
Europe must continue to grow so that new jobs can be created .	de
Romania must not be afraid of the Hungarians .	de
We must have a referendum .	de
The Council and these three proposals must therefore be supported .	de
A rigorous measurement framework , widely agreed and adopted by the industry , is a must to quantify the real benefits of information and communication technologies .	de
That is what must be done .	de
In the face of third parties , common tariffs must be matched with common customs .	de
The most important thing is that people absolutely must have the right to know and to make their own choice about the food they eat .	de
We must , therefore , be more innovative to convince European citizens and make them our allies .	de
In addition , the loser must be given the means to make his criticism known to the voters .	de
We must have a system for registering cattle and a control system which ensures that the legislation is complied with .	de
We must have their support .	de
That is not necessarily the case under this regulation , but we must create an instrument to do so very quickly .	de
We must have an agreement .	de
We must have equitable agreements with other countries .	de
must be the monkeys ' night out .	ep
She must be playing a trick on us then .	ep
I mean , come on , you must have , like , a million girls .	ep
That must be why .	ep
" Something must be missing underneath . "	ep
" Something must be missing underneath , "	ep
We must be moving up .	ep
We must find another brain .	de
- Shit , projector must have gone out .	ep
You gave me a juice maker for " Queens Boulevard . " We must be moving up .	ep
- He must be .	ep
- He must be .	ep
I must have been dreaming about how I blasted her in the face like a Jackson Pollock .	ep
Somebody must be in good humour .	ep
I don not know , I must have left it in the ...	ep
You must have slept with her .	ep
must get her fingerprints and l . D. number on it .	de
Sorry . I must have made a mistake .	ep
Sorry . I must have made a mistake .	ep
I must have a partner , Kemp , a visible partner , to help me in the little things .	de
I must be left alone . It 's vital .	de
I must have a partner , Kemp , a visible partner , to help me in the little things .	de
I must have those books , Kemp .	de
must be the spring .	ep
- You must have had too much supper .	ep
I don not know , you must have been out on a tear last night .	ep
We must have them .	de
I must have another .	de
There must be millions of viruses in this Quadrant that no one 's ever encountered before .	ep
I believe the first thing you must do is determine whether or not	ep
must have been a tough one .	ep
She must be so happy she must be hysterical .	ep
That must have been some fight .	ep
- You must think me a perfect fool .	ep
- You must think me a perfect fool .	ep
And I must have them all .	de
must have taken you a long time to hunt down all that history .	ep
- He must be very young and handsome .	ep
It must have been something I ate .	ep
She must be on the placebo , then .	ep
It must take a lot of water to swallow that .	ep
must be some girl .	ep
- He must have run out of fuel .	ep
He must have screwed up ' cause there was ...	ep
He must have been very grateful to Mother .	ep
He must have screwed up ' cause there was ...	ep
They must have had about 50 health violations during the last inspection .	ep
He must have screwed up ' cause there was ...	ep
- We must focus on the details - I feed off my emotions .	de
This must be the first one .	ep
He must have screwed up a few times . There was multiples .	ep
They must have had about 50 health violations during their last inspection .	ep
For over a month now , he 's been getting messages that were absolutely useless , so he must have come over to find out why .	ep
My luck must still be with the dice .	ep
I guess the elevator boy must be asleep .	ep
She must be looking for me .	ep
You must be Annie Oakley .	ep
The circus must be halfway to Metropolis .	ep
The circus must be halfway to Metropolis .	ep
Delia , you must be tired .	ep
There must be .	ep
These things must be done delicately ... ... or you hurt the spell .	de
Auntie Em must have stopped wondering what happened to me by now .	ep
He must be pissed off .	ep
He must be pissed off .	ep
I must have hit every homeless shelter in town .	ep
- Tavo must have shot him .	ep
I must get my purse !	de
- Tavo must have shot him .	ep
I must get my purse !	de
Saunders must have the low- down on this .	ep
He must have a compass with him .	ep
You must have one idea for the good of the country .	ep
He must have a compass with him .	ep
You must have one idea that would be good for the country .	ep
Look ... ... we must have had ... ... 50 , 60 volunteers ... ... poking and digging through here ... ... trying to find that knife .	ep
You must think I 'm awful dumb . \u2013 Ain not it the truth . \u2013 I won not pay a plug nickel now or ever .	ep
must have been .	ep
must have been .	ep
must have been the cat .	ep
must have been .	ep
It must have been a relief ?	ep
Harry must have been busy .	ep
Harry must have been busy .	ep
- must be a short haircut .	ep
- must be a short haircut .	ep
You must have someone to sit around and drink all the grape juice .	de
Now , to sing this song , you must be gifted ...	de
You must have come the short way .	ep
- must have been a frog .	ep
You must be thinking of Ronald , but he hasn not lived here in a while .	ep
You must have had a most happy childhood there .	ep
I must have had too much sun yesterday .	ep
You must be thinking of Ronald , but he hasn not lived here in a while .	ep
They must be rich .	ep
Or if there is ... well then , it must be a ghost ...	ep
must be really expensive	ep
It must have flown in	ep
Oh , must have cut myself in the crash .	ep
You all must have a pot of money .	ep
Lots must have died , too .	ep
You must be Keaton .	ep
You must be Mrs ...	ep
Ever wonder what our lives down here must seem like to a bird ?	ep
- She must have got better .	ep
I must have help	de
I must have help	de
Well , look , I must have got the number wrong .	ep
Someone must want their money .	ep
You must be going nuts right now .	ep
You must be Eli and Klitz .	ep
Well , it must take a bite out of a government salary .	ep
Well , it must take a bite out of a government salary .	ep
You must be sad about it .	ep
- Proctor , the village must have proof .	de
- Proctor , the village must have proof .	de
I must have good and legal proof that you have confessed to witchcraft .	de
Easy to see there 's nothing on your mind . Oops . That must have been Junior .	ep
- They must be looking for somebody .	ep
They must get a lot of power from this dam . I think it supplies about 75 % for the Los Angeles district , including most of the power for the defence plants .	ep
You must be too .	ep
Oops . That must have been Junior .	ep
- They must be looking for somebody .	ep
They must get a lot of power from this dam .	ep
You must be too .	ep
must have been .	ep
I know it must be practical , aunt Fanny .	ep
To this we must now add resolve .	de
- This thing must haul major ass .	ep
He must be all hopped up on crack cocaine .	ep
must have been another guy .	ep
This must be Mrs. Marquand .	ep
This must be Mrs. Marquand .	ep
She must think I 'm a nothing .	ep
I must get some air .	de
Darling , you must be tired .	ep
Darling , you must be tired .	ep
Darling , you must be tired .	ep
- Where is Cumali ? - must have run to the hotel .	ep
You must have really hated your father .	ep
must be some misunderstanding .	ep
- My uncle must have signed it .	ep
I must be in the wrong place .	ep
I must be a curse .	ep
- You must have been caught in the rain .	ep
I must be a curse .	ep
I can not face the world in the morning . I must have coffee before I can speak .	de
Hello ! You must be trying to hide or something .	ep
I can not face the world in the morning . I must have coffee before I can speak .	de
Hello ! You must be trying to hide or something .	ep
I can not face the world in the morning . I must have coffee before I can speak .	de
Hello ! You must be trying to hide or something .	ep
must have been the turbulence .	ep
must have been the turbulence .	ep
must have been the turbulence .	ep
We must proceed with balance .	de
Surely someone must have said something in all that time .	ep
It had been days since I heard anyone speak , though someone must have said something in all that time .	ep
Yeah , must have been the wrong therapist .	ep
Y 'all must not be from around here .	ep
You must have been pissed off when he pulled out of South River .	ep
It must take a great deal of patience .	ep
- That must have been nice .	ep
It must be the island .	ep
You must have made her awfully happy up there , mister .	ep
You must think I 'm very stupid .	ep
You must think I 'm very stupid .	ep
You must think I 'm very stupid .	ep
This must be the savage beast Kaiser .	ep
must be a relative .	ep
He must have been something , all right .	ep
Your parents must be happy having you home for the weekend .	ep
- The checks must have gotten mixed up .	ep
- Yeah . - Oh , that must be fun .	ep
You must have had wonderful times together .	ep
must have landed in the jungle when the hatch exploded .	ep
That must have been hard for you .	ep
He must be long- winded .	ep
Mike must have thought I was an imbecile to do it the way he did .	ep
She must have been a wonderful person .	ep
This piano must have been a great comfort to her when she did get up .	ep
- must have hit a branch .	ep
He must be long- winded .	ep
Mike must have thought I was an imbecile to do it the way he did .	ep
She must have been a wonderful person .	ep
This piano must have been a great comfort to her when she did get up .	ep
- must have hit a branch .	ep
They must have been friends .	ep
- This must have been her big break .	ep
He must have changed his mind .	ep
He must know why I 'm here .	ep
You must not have a home life .	ep
It must ...	ep
Mademoiselle must think she 's too grand to wait on us now .	ep
But you must know that .	ep
You must not fear .	de
- You must be the lawyer . - I 'm Rudy Baylor .	ep
must mean hello .	ep
must one have reason to help those in need ?	de
We must be the good guys , huh ?	ep
He must be talking to someone he likes .	ep
I guess it must be pretty grim in Chicago right now .	ep
I must be getting old .	ep
Wherever you are , John \u2026 You must be laughing your ass off that I 'm actually doing this .	ep
I must have protection .	de
They must have been friends .	ep
- This must have been her big break .	ep
He must know why I 'm here .	ep
You must not have a home life .	ep
We must find an outsider .	de
must be a big job you have got .	ep
They must have hanged him by now .	ep
You must have bought it on your travels .	ep
It must be 'cause I 'm big and dumb !	ep
You must be going crazy . . . . . . but the boss is interested about your progress .	ep
must have been a lot of valuables in that vault .	ep
You must be going crazy ... ... but the boss is interested about your progress .	ep
must have been a lot of valuables in that vault .	ep
- It must have been a dog .	ep
- It must have been a dog .	ep
I must be .	ep
Here , take this . You must be freezing .	ep
You must have done this before .	ep
They must speak to you .	de
You must be spooks ? Spooks ?	ep
I must have hit a nerve with one of those articles in there .	ep
You must be spooks ? Spooks ?	ep
I must have hit a nerve with one of those articles in there .	ep
You must be spooks ? Spooks ?	ep
I must have hit a nerve with one of those articles in there .	ep
You must be spooks ? Spooks ?	ep
This is New York . There must be 20, 000 churches .	ep
This is New York . There must be 20, 000 churches .	ep
Of course , you must be fond of swimming .	ep
This is New York . There must be 20, 000 churches .	ep
This is New York . There must be 20, 000 churches .	ep
You must have traveled with better company	ep
He must have saved 10 people .	ep
I must have ... ... gone through a wormhole .	ep
She must be home by now .	ep
It ; s dawn now and they must ; ve photographed me a thousand times .	ep
I must have ... ... gone through a wormhole .	ep
He must have missed somebody .	ep
It must have been very difficult .	ep
But you must have friends , a home , family ?	ep
- It must have been a revelation to have a 24- year- old character played by a 24- year- old actress .	ep
It must have seemed so new and fresh to you , so exciting , to have your lines read just as you wrote them .	ep
- I must have frightened her away .	ep
must have thought you were fucking around on her .	ep
must have thought you were fucking around on her .	ep
- None of your business . - must be a while ago .	ep
Oh , you must be tired , Guy .	ep
You must think a Iot of that , whatever it is .	ep
Because as you must have noticed , I ...	ep
I must have lost my head for a moment .	ep
Surely he must have told you how much he hates me .	ep
- She must be drunk .	ep
He must be nuts .	ep
It must have been terrible to be helpless in a foreign land .	ep
It must be something	ep
These other ones must not be fuIl- grown .	ep
- He must have been a great man .	ep
- He must have been a great man .	ep
- He must have been a great man .	ep
This must be my lucky night .	ep
The jump must have triggered a surge that overloaded the control systems .	ep
You must have failed .	ep
To do this , we must have our own bases , our own leaders , our own communities .	de
You must have a tremendous amount of respect for him .	ep
You must know what 's going down .	ep
They must have seen our heat signature as we passed through the atmosphere .	ep
She must have made enough blocks for two of them the first time .	ep
She was pretty careful , but she must not have had time to get rid of this one .	ep
It must be powered from the inside - a field generator .	ep
You must be in great pain .	ep
He must be asleep , poor dear .	ep
In the few years I have left , I must have truth .	de
He must be asleep , poor dear .	ep
In the few years I have left , I must have truth .	de
They must have been very afraid of him .	ep
- It must have been expensive .	ep
I must have my coat on .	de
But I must have dozed because the next thing I had a feeling that someone was in my room .	ep
They must have been taken from medieval Europe ...	ep
- There must be other people ...	ep
Simon , l- I know this must look , um , unusual , ... .. but there is a very logical explanation for this .	ep
The unit must be in a life form .	de
Locals must have found the Stargate since the computer last dialled .	ep
- Tanner must have gotten to him first .	ep
It must link the computer to the alien systems .	ep
Touching it must have activated it .	ep
must not know what a locomotive is .	ep
So when they got their programme running , they must have added P2X - 338 to the list of addresses supplied by Colonel Maybourne .	ep
- She must have overcome the problem .	ep
- You must be out of your mind !	ep
There must be a couple of million people behind us in the hills , - - waiting to find out whether they can go home again .	ep
Well , you must eat	de
He must be right .	ep
He must have written to you .	ep
He must be right .	ep
He must have written to you .	ep
He must be right .	ep
He must have written to you .	ep
- You must think I was born yesterday .	ep
That must have been some fight .	ep
They must be negotiating .	ep
She must be on the placebo , then .	ep
He seemed better on tv ? Yeah , they must edit the shows down on television	ep
I must have hit every homeless shelter in town .	ep
He must have come for my help .	ep
We must have the proof .	de
l" m sorry ... ... but there" s someone here who says he must see Mr. Lawrence .	de
No , they must be driving back .	ep
- They must be .	ep
They must put out an advance guard of some sort .	ep
must have been a goddamn zoo here before the war .	ep
must be another storm .	ep
You said she must have looked like heaven 's youngest angel , remember ?	ep
You too must know what loneliness is , despite your wife and son .	ep
It must have been early in the evening .	ep
- He must have gone for a walk .	ep
You must be drunk .	ep
It must be her day for being unconscious .	ep
You must be feeling better , darling .	ep
We must find a doctor . The death certificate must be signed .	de
- must have been a terrible shock to him .	ep
You must have enough letters from him now to start a bonfire .	ep
Of course you must come , you must .	ep
You must have noticed .	ep
must be why Shaun took us here before he left .	ep
We just saw it . - It must have looked great .	ep
It must be my friends .	ep
- Really , sergeant , you must think my mind is wandering .	ep
He must come , after I Ieave ... and before the other guy starts his shift .	ep
He must hate me .	ep
must have been a nervous day .	ep
They must have had quite a long talk to reach an agreement .	ep
must be hard to wear .	ep
- The gods must have a sense of humor .	ep
She must be connected with something big .	ep
must be a model or actress .	ep
She must have other sources of income .	ep
I understand how difficult this must be for you , but for John 's sake ,	ep
I mean ... being locked up must be a terrible thing .	ep
You must think that the whole world is queer .	ep
You must have hurt yourself pretty bad .	ep
There must be .	ep
There must be a hundred head of them !	ep
The rodeo must be over .	ep
There must be a hundred head of them !	ep
The rodeo must be over .	ep
Vance must have showed us your picture a thousand times .	ep
They must have seen us coming .	ep
Vance must have showed us your picture a thousand times .	ep
They must have seen us coming .	ep
He must have had nightmares . He cut the couch to ribbons with his spurs .	ep
It must be the heat .	ep
They must have had about 50 health violations during the last inspection .	ep
And we must analyse it in depth .	ep
You must have hated me .	ep
You must have been so angry with me .	ep
It was a tough day for me , but it must have been worse for you .	ep
You must have messed up the translation .	ep
I must have slept through it .	ep
It must have triggered them .	ep
I think your suggestion is good , but I must consider first .	de
You must be the dirty blacksmith that humiliated my beloved Kunigunda .	ep
I must be getting soft in the head , huh ?	ep
You must know a place where there are no crowds ... ... no noise , no hysterical laughter .	ep
- Oh , you must have .	ep
- Oh , you must have .	ep
You must be the man of the house .	ep
That must be the device he 's using to forward the e- mails to the Russians .	ep
This poor but proud act of yours must work .	ep
You must be going to make a point about that .	ep
I must have been off sneaking a smoke , washing my hands or something .	ep
I must have been off sneaking a smoke , washing my hands or something .	ep
You must have something very ... big going on with my father .	ep
You must have something very ... big going on with my father .	ep
You must have something very ... big going on with my father .	ep
The Quality Woman must have grace , elegance and pizzazz .	de
I must be a wee bit rusty .	ep
This Dallas boy must be good for you .	ep
There must have been ... a dozen since then , right ?	ep
I must have squeezed out a few wrong notes .	ep
Still , it must be hard to forget the way things were .	ep
Still , it must be hard to forget the way things were .	ep
It must be two weeks .	ep
But then I must have had a dizzy spell and fainted .	ep
It must have gotten damaged dur\u00a1 ng the rock storm .	ep
It must be two weeks .	ep
But then I must have had a dizzy speII and fainted .	ep
It must be Gerard .	ep
Old Hank must be the only one who didn not hear the explosion .	ep
It must have gotten damaged during the rock storm .	ep
He must have been joking or something .	ep
must be from Hollywood .	ep
Well , the Church must have sons and daughters , you know , if she is to flourish .	de
Oh , I am very weary . I must seek repose .	de
In return I presume I must grant you the ship and the sailors you desire .	ep
must have been a close one .	ep
must have been a close one .	ep
I think he 's a self- serving jerk who must have a very small penis .	ep
We must be on the same wavelength .	ep
- You guys must have tripped an alarm .	ep
must have stood up too fast .	ep
Yeah , but I must have been more susceptible than either one of you .	ep
- It must be four years .	ep
You must have been very much in love .	ep
That must be the real Mr Simms .	ep
I think that Jim must believe that those men committed the crime .	ep
He must have gone back .	ep
- It must be four years . - it 's closer to five .	ep
You must have been very much in love .	ep
That must be the real Mr Simms .	ep
I think that Jim must believe that those men committed the crime .	ep
He must have gone back .	ep
I must apologize for not being here to greet you personally ... ... but I trust you have found everything you needed .	ep
It must be displeased to have to him far \u2026 \u2026 the championship will cost to him of rumbas of next year .	ep
She must be up to something	de
She must have hit her head on a rock or something .	ep
I must be drunk .	ep
I must have been mad .	ep
I must have been only half- conscious ... ... but I know that he tore my panties off and did what he wanted .	ep
I don not know exactly what happened then , I must have fainted .	ep
I must have tried to get out of the car and dropped them .	ep
It seemed like just a few seconds , but it must have been longer .	ep
I must have gone to sleep .	ep
- You must be very lonely .	ep
You must not win the race the first time around .	de
You must not win the race the first time around .	de
- They must be monitoring our frequency .	ep
- I must have fallen asleep .	ep
I must have read it about 1000 times .	ep
It must have been terrible .	ep
Ah , Lyudmila , the grave must not claim you ... ... the young knight will rouse you from your sleep !	ep
There must be a code .	ep
You must really see yourself as some kind of Clyde Barrow , huh ?	ep
They must have robbed 50 banks together .	ep
So it must take a lot of balls to walk into a bank and stick it up with a gun , huh ?	de
Um ... they must be sending up another company to take our place .	ep
You must really see yourself as some kind of Clyde Barrow , huh ?	ep
They must have robbed 50 banks together .	ep
So it must take a lot of balls to walk into a bank and stick it up with a gun , huh ?	de
- must have fell in , man .	ep
She must be nervous about something .	ep
He must really be bored .	ep
- It must really blow being you .	ep
That must have hurt .	ep
He is relied by the Vatican , there must be some reason .	ep
According to Tom , she 's a pretty determined woman . She must have thought it was worth it .	ep
He must have been a big , beautiful- lookin ' horse .	ep
Well , that must have been special .	ep
must have arthritis .	ep
It must ...	ep
I must be getting soft in my old age ...	ep
Head of the King 's bodyguards ? must keep you busy .	ep
You must still feel it spinning .	ep
Head of the King 's bodyguards ? must keep you busy .	ep
You must still feel it spinning .	ep
Head of the King 's bodyguards ? must keep you busy .	ep
You must still feel it spinning .	ep
Head of the King 's bodyguards ? must keep you busy .	ep
You must still feel it spinning .	ep
I said it wasn not bad , but I must consider it .	de
Jesus , Jackie , you must have ... .. a terrible thirst on you tonight to drink two pints at the same time .	ep
Someone must have seen us together and gave us away .	ep
Someone must have seen us together and informed on us .	ep
Someone must have seen us together and gave us away .	ep
Word must have gotten out because all sorts of guys were suddenly going to banquets .	ep
Word must have gotten out because all sorts of guys were suddenly going to banquets .	ep
You must still be in pain . No .	ep
It must be .	ep
" I must have liberty . "	de
- You must have noticed the effects .	ep
Yes , you can , but you must have something to hold on to .	de
- You must have noticed the effects .	ep
- You must have noticed the effects .	ep
You must be a bomb- ass lawyer .	ep
I must be a fool .	ep
It must be from my brother .	ep
Smilzo , go and find Grotti , he must be hiding in his house !	ep
" They must believe that freedom is beyond price " , wrote down the Commander .	ep
This must be your brain .	ep
You must have done something wrong !	ep
You must have heard what everyone is saying now .	ep
But you must agree who our leader is !	ep
We must have someone there .	de
They must want us to come in .	ep
I must have Ieft some incense burning .	ep
I must have hesitated , sir .	ep
I must be Yevgeny Nourish .	ep
I must be Yevgeny Nourish .	ep
You must be exhausted from your journey .	ep
You must be exhausted .	ep
You must have made the soup then .	ep
I 'm sorry , but people must have their revenge .	de
You must be the one they locked up .	ep
My great- grandfather , Emmanuel , must have been the last Sonnenschein to feel like this .	ep
I called you loads of times ... but I must have got your aunt 's number wrong .	ep
You must be hungry .	ep
She must be asleep , I 'll just go check the stove .	ep
He must be clinging to the buoy .	ep
must be those fellows in the farmhouse a couple of miles down .	ep
It must be that bastard Osawa !	ep
That smell must have got to me .	ep
I must be losin ' my memory .	ep
Guess you must like watchin ' people be sick .	ep
- You must know some talkative hats !	ep
Because , if they see me like this , it must scare them to death . - The Velrans !	ep
There must be a safe way .	ep
There must be a safe way .	ep
We must have close to a thousand casualties up to now .	ep
He must have been in a big hurry , huh ?	ep
- There must be rats everywhere .	ep
We better get back to the ladies They must be worried .	ep
Then Claire must have been crazy about me .	ep
must have been .	ep
must be my lucky shades .	ep
- It must be in your suit .	ep
The Krauts must be dug in behind that row of trees .	ep
He must have gone looking for that mermaid .	ep
You must have smoked some bad granola .	ep
What happened to the baby ? It must have been stillborn .	ep
You must be hungry .	ep
When I saw you leave the airport with the opposition , I figured I must be wrong .	ep
They said he must have been drowned , but he was far too good a diver for that .	ep
- Your work must be so exciting !	ep
We must bypass nothing at all !	de
- You must have done something wonderful .	ep
You must have a dependable guide .	de
- Oh , he must have .	ep
He must be miserable without you right now .	ep
He must be miserable without you right now .	ep
He must be miserable without you right now .	ep
He must be miserable without you right now .	ep
must have been a fox or something set off the motion sensors .	ep
Well , you 're here so you must want my honest opinion .	ep
That 's amazing , the way that you push those things up there , that ... It must take a great deal of patience .	ep
Some lovely persons must have been so happy to see you again .	ep
Lydia must have told you .	ep
You must have a sense of your life .	ep
It must have been fear more than anything else .	ep
I must have gotten off the main road .	ep
It must have been rather embarrassing , expecting to end up with one man ...	ep
He must be about halfway to Brunico by now .	ep
That must have been embarrassing , expecting one man and ...	ep
- He must be halfway to Brunico by now .	ep
I must have gotten off the road , the main road . I 'm on my way to Frascati .	ep
To save Charles , we must prove that someone else stole it .	de
I think this must be the Statue of Liberty	ep
must have had a nightmare or somethin ' .	ep
It must have been awful to quit what you 'd been doing .	ep
You must have a nice girlfriend .	ep
It must have been awful to quit what you 'd been doing .	ep
You must have a nice girlfriend .	ep
You must have something very ... big going on with my father .	ep
You and this stranger must have talked .	ep
You must be very disappointed . Please !	ep
- must have been a beautiful place .	ep
I must have said something wrong , so he just left all of a sudden .	ep
They must have spotted you .	ep
- I must have missed that .	ep
This must go somewhere inside .	ep
I must have left the boat untied . It 's gone .	ep
You must have had rather a severe shock tonight .	ep
Really , Henry , if you cannot see how impossible this whole project is ... ... then you must be potty about her .	ep
It must be because He 's political and stuff	ep
He must be a friend !	ep
- No , you must come with us .	ep
Really , Henry , if you cannot see how impossible this whole project is ... ... then you must be potty about her .	ep
I must ask you for the key and the recall code .	de
A magazine must have ... .. blood and brains and pizzazz .	de
You must be giving private lessons .	ep
Dad liked them . They must have been good workers .	ep
I mean , I have been praying , but I must not be praying right .	ep
Someone must have hit me .	ep
You must be crazy .	ep
He must have slipped off somewhere .	ep
Sorry , I must have made a mistake .	ep
You must be out of your mind !	ep
I must have sweated in bed .	ep
Look where we are , he must be used to going to Baghdad !	ep
I really must have some more sherry .	de
Your wife must be at her parents ... with the baby ...	ep
And the rest of you must be their ...	ep
- Yes , but you must have help because ...	de
Edna must have called me 15 times at the office by now .	ep
He must be a Freemason anyway .	ep
Count Bezukhov must be in a really bad state .	ep
You must be mad !	ep
My Lady must be joking .	ep
must have caught it on something .	ep
She must be very happy with you .	ep
I must have money to pay for it .	de
They must look the same on weekdays .	ep
But here 's the point . We must have product .	de
But you must be .	ep
Well , then , you must have done something .	ep
He must have known how ill he was .	ep
You must be a farmer .	ep
Your mom must have moved .	ep
I remember moments , when everybody around is cheerful , it suddenly strikes me that I 'm sick of it all , and all must die .	ep
Then you must be Andrei Rublyov .	ep
It must be too late already .	ep
There must be such a disease when a man can not stop lying .	ep
That must be our fate .	ep
It must have been stolen .	ep
Then you must be Andrei Rublyov .	ep
It must be too late already .	ep
There must be such a disease when a man can not stop lying .	ep
That must be our fate .	ep
It must have been stolen .	ep
Someone must have slandered me Or bewitched His Majesty .	ep
There must be a lower back injury as well .	ep
Well , I think we must agree our findings are not inconsistent ... .. with an exacerbation of the median nerve and lumbar plexus .	ep
- Well , I 'm sure he must need a lawyer .	ep
- He must have snatched you out of a cradle !	ep
There must be an explanation .	ep
This all must be pretty overwhelming , huh ?	ep
Certainly you must have heard that .	ep
Certainly you must have heard that .	ep
Your shower must have been quite stimulating .	ep
You must have done so much running .	ep
I told him you must have been following Webster ,	ep
must be some girl .	ep
Giger was always inspecting the set as it developed and ... ... saying ... ... " We must have more bones on the set . "	de
It must be two weeks .	ep
But then I must have had a dizzy spell and fainted .	ep
We must have been the only Irish family in history ... to be saying good- bye to the Statue of Liberty instead of hello .	ep
It must have gotten damaged during the rock storm .	ep
must have been a stray shot .	ep
I must have a foolproof method of escape . Foolproof .	de
It must be the law of nature .	ep
No , must be some Turk .	ep
Hanika must have told you that I want to ask for her hand .	ep
You must be an actress .	ep
Someone 's broken the lock . They must have seen the body there .	ep
They must have decided I wasn not suitable .	ep
You must have an idea .	ep
I must have got on the wrong yacht .	ep
Yeah , well , I must have had another son ... ... who stole a car when he was 10 years old .	ep
Yeah , well , I must have had another son ... who stole a car when he was ten years old .	ep
must belong to the homie with the blue hat .	ep
You must be thinking of Ronald , but he hasn not lived here in a while .	ep
Her mum and dad must really support her ... ... to let her go all the way to America to play .	ep
You must have got it .	ep
People must try to get away .	ep
He must have time to readjust .	de
- Yes , you must have .	ep
Yes , but there must be people who have secrets that you want to know .	ep
- Yes . You must feel a bit disorientated .	ep
- You must miss it .	ep
Somebody must have thought you 'd make a good officer .	ep
Bunch . must be half a dozen new- meat .	ep
They must be 6 feet tall .	ep
Bunch . must be half a dozen new- meat .	ep
They must be 6 feet tall .	ep
- It must be a commercial .	ep
Well , you must have one plane fast enough ...	ep
- It must be a commercial .	ep
Well , you must have one plane fast enough ...	ep
Though you must have some good qualities . You think so ?	ep
I think they must have got together almost from the first moment they met .	ep
It must be very inspiring .	ep
must you have an explanation ?	de
- must have been a real slaughter .	ep
I must have been tense .	ep
The Bunkers must be having a party .	ep
- You must be catching something .	ep
We must be the good guys , huh ?	ep
There must be adequate time for a full study . . . . . . before any thought can be given to making a public announcement .	de
There must be adequate time for a full study ... ... before any thought can be given to making a public announcement .	de
There must be adequate time for a full study ... ... before any thought can be given to making a public announcement .	de
All this questioning must bore Rafael .	ep
My group must have more ...	de
My group must have more weapons before we can launch an attack .	de
My group must have more ...	de
My group must have more weapons before we can launch an attack .	de
Then it must be broken because I have told you everything I know .	ep
He must be lying .	ep
- You must be cold and tired .	ep
He must be key to making the device operational .	ep
You must be joking .	ep
You must be joking .	ep
Well ... There must be something I can do .	ep
You must have taken your own sweet time getting here .	ep
- You must need a hand .	de
- Yes , it must be that ...	ep
Fred Carson must be keeping banking hours .	ep
He 's a big one They must be raising hell in Moscow .	ep
You must be quite tired of me .	ep
There must be some Pascal around here .	ep
- But there must be something we could do .	ep
You must have lost your foolish mind .	ep
That must be the device he 's using to forward the e- mails to the Russians .	ep
must have got the wrong impression . OK .	ep
I ain not no hustler . There must be easier ways to make money .	ep
- You must have noticed it too .	ep
- You must have noticed it too .	ep
- You must have noticed it too .	ep
Oh , you must have been a beautiful baby	ep
Oh , you must have been a beautiful baby	ep
Oh , you must have been a beautiful baby	ep
Caught the sniffles ? Yes , I must have .	ep
It must have happened too fast for him to regenerate .	ep
must have a lot going on for all that stuff back there .	ep
- They must be worth hundred !	ep
I must have looked pretty unconvincing .	ep
must be some close friends .	ep
He must have done illegal things to earn some extra money .	ep
It must be a childhood memory .	ep
I don not know , I must have left it in the ...	ep
I don not know . I must have lost my punch .	ep
must not have had any breakfast .	ep
must have knocked it about .	ep
- There must be rats everywhere .	ep
You must be joking .	ep
- There must be rats everywhere .	ep
Look , I must have been in every singles frenchman 's fucking house in this area , there must be about 200 , so what ? ... Have they colonized the island or what ?	ep
And in some countries even chess is considered a sport , it must be the horses .	ep
- Yeah , it must be that .	ep
I don not know , I must have left it in the ...	ep
I don not know , I must have left it in the --	ep
I must get my men near broads before they start freaking out with each other .	de
You must be going to Fort Worth on a big cattle deal , Mr Jones .	ep
You have got guts . You must have been a good soldier .	ep
They must be evacuating .	ep
They must be evacuating .	ep
They must be evacuating .	ep
It 's time to tend to our son 's grave . It must have overgrown with weeds ...	ep
It must have been .	ep
These knives must weigh a pound apiece .	ep
These aren not my shoes ! They must go next door .	ep
He must be asleep by now .	ep
He must be asleep by now .	ep
These aren not my shoes ! They must go next door .	ep
He must be asleep by now .	ep
He must be asleep by now .	ep
He must have been pretty sure I 'd come .	ep
- That must be very interesting .	ep
He must have been pretty sure I 'd come .	ep
These aren not my shoes ! They must go next door .	ep
He must be asleep by now .	ep
He must be asleep by now .	ep
We must never forget the prophecy of our people .	ep
You must stay with us .	ep
We must buy some time .	de
You must have dozed off .	ep
They must have taken it .	ep
- must have been a beautiful place .	ep
She must lay there since a couple days already . Maybe she fell down on Saturday the 18th , or something .	ep
He must have been riding those brakes like an old lady . - That 's nice .	ep
There must be times when you feel alone .	ep
Poor Plenty must have stumbled in here looking for you .	ep
This place must be crawling with agents by now .	ep
The stupid fools must think Mr Bond has accomplished his mission .	ep
He must have been riding those brakes like an old lady . - That 's nice .	ep
This place must be crawling with agents by now .	ep
The stupid fools must think Mr Bond has accomplished his mission .	ep
Poor Plenty must have stumbled in here looking for you .	ep
This place must be crawling with agents by now .	ep
This place must be crawling with agents .	ep
It must be late now .	ep
He must have gone out .	ep
It must be late now .	ep
He must have gone out .	ep
You must have heard of the 4th Amendment !	ep
Everybody knows a song . You ? You must know a beautiful one .	ep
You must have been so scared .	ep
But tonight , I must have fallen asleep .	ep
You must have heard of the 4th Amendment !	ep
Everybody knows a song . You ? You must know a beautiful one .	ep
She must have been a very special woman , your mother .	ep
must be important .	ep
They must have found my old truck .	ep
Here comes CBS News . must be important .	ep
They must have found my old truck .	ep
Here comes CBS News . must be important .	ep
They must have found my old truck .	ep
It must run in the family .	ep
He must be very sad ... and perhaps lost .	ep
So I figure it must have been some teenagers out to have a little bit of fun .	ep
Why is that ? You must be afraid of your neighbour .	ep
I must have been inside tryin ' to get that piece of junk shakin ' .	ep
We must have a new leader .	de
If you must have it , have it , then .	de
If you must have it , have it , then .	de
- That must be very interesting .	ep
If you must have it , have it , then .	de
If you must have it , have it , then .	de
If you must have it , have it , then .	de
If you must have it , have it , then .	de
All those explosions must have gone to your head !	ep
He must really respect you .	ep
She must be freaking .	ep
- You must be ...	ep
- Oh , must have been fun .	ep
Toramatsu , you must have been starving .	ep
must I have a reason for wanting to take a bath ?	de
It must have been ltto Ogami .	ep
must be the god of a long life ...	ep
Why ? - You must be loving this .	ep
You must feel terribly lonely	ep
The people that are after us must know where I live .	ep
Preston still must be changing .	ep
Mama must have heard me say grace , at least .	ep
He must be laughing now .	ep
I must have good and legal proof that you have confessed to witchcraft .	de
Someone must have entered the room .	ep
You must have the same thing .	ep
You must be exhausted from your travels .	ep
As you must be well aware , even the Yagyu clan fear these Escorts , the three Hidari brothers , Benma , Tenma and Kuruma .	ep
Kill him if you must .	de
That must have a radio , right ?	ep
must have been hard watching Santen go like that .	ep
It must have brought some of them here .	ep
Your ass must have been thinking because now we 're out $300, 000 .	ep
Poor Plenty must have stumbled in here looking for you .	ep
You must know what I do for a livin ' .	ep
Densmore must be feeling horny tonight .	ep
To this we must now add resolve .	de
They must think I have abandoned them .	ep
We must find an outsider .	de
must be a big job you have got .	ep
He must have been drunk .	ep
We must .	ep
Really , there must be some mistake .	ep
must have left my wallet in my room .	ep
must have left my wallet in my room .	ep
I must have wax in my ears .	ep
must be a sign of the times .	ep
They must have thought it was a set- up like the others .	ep
It must be your mama 's car .	ep
It must be your mama 's car .	ep
It must be your upper lip .	ep
He must have got tied up somewhere .	ep
It must be your upper lip .	ep
But she must have family , someone to look after her	ep
Your mom must be shoppin ' .	ep
must be afraid ofreprisals .	ep
You must have known it would happen .	ep
I think that must be a terrible sort of expectation to live up to all the time .	ep
Every king must have a queen .	de
must be one of them Jap joints where we gotta take off our shoes .	ep
You must be afraid I 'll go out a loser , Bell .	ep
You must be afraid I 'll go out a loser , Bell .	ep
Yeah . River must have washed the roots away .	ep
Something must have told him we 'd never live these days of happiness again ... ... that they were gone forever .	ep
Yeah . River must have washed the roots away .	ep
Something must have told him we 'd never live these days of happiness again ... ... that they were gone forever .	ep
Sorry about that , mate , that must have ...	ep
He must have pissed off a customer .	ep
( laughs ) now that must have been scary .	ep
I 'm sorry , I must have made a mistake .	ep
I wonder what the lion must think of me .	ep
Oh , there must be a mistake . . .	ep
That guy must have been attracted by the vortex .	ep
I must have made 20 drops in Nam , sir .	ep
Looks like it must have been a nursery room .	ep
They must be lost .	ep
Looks like it must have been a nursery room .	ep
They must be lost .	ep
She must want it pretty bad .	de
must be hard for the family , being on strike .	ep
must be some kind of holiday .	ep
You must have looked cute in blue .	ep
- That must be very interesting .	ep
He must have been pretty sure I 'd come .	ep
- Your folks must be very proud .	ep
You must have .	ep
You must be different than others .	ep
Yes , they must have coffee .	ep
You must see many people you know here .	ep
He must have strained himself to get this lot together .	ep
must have got a call on the car and think it 's us .	ep
I must be gettin ' tired or somethin ' .	ep
- That must be the best . Don" t you think ?	ep
It must be a broken pipe .	ep
They must have had it at home , under the mattress .	ep
I think that Louis had another heart attack . ... and he must have fallen overboard ...	ep
But you must get yourself a proper licence .	de
You must rest .	de
must be hard work	de
I must have quiet now .	de
And for that I must pay certain officials .	de
And for that I must pay certain officials .	de
If you want to get these books , you must have a special key	de
If you must know , he 's out working an IBM machine in a primo brokerage house .	de
Only we must suppress these actions , and do it rapidly ...	de
We must select a new prime minister , who is more loyal , devoted .	de
- I say ! - I must have fruit !	de
must I Gervazy , the keeper of this castle , Warden of the Horeszkos , be insulted in our house ?	de
- I must have the storm at full strength .	de
You must get some new vests . Jolly good .	de
You must get some new vests .	de
We must find shelter .	de
We must have an alibi for the time the body was found .	de
It is late , and you must rest more , sir .	de
But we must have it right away .	de
When you make noodles , you must have a precise recipe .	de
First we must know the tentura of Earth .	de
But you must feed .	de
But you must feed .	de
But you must feed .	de
But you must feed .	de
RAWLlNS : We must have rest and food .	de
You must have a list to lodge a complaint .	de
And I must have them all .	de
If you must know , we had a fight .	de
No , to save Charles , we must prove that someone else stole it .	de
We must take her alive .	de
- which I must have to keep country secure .	de
Everyone must do his bit	de
- I must have his address .	de
- I want one with her , please . I must .	de
We must get hold of it .	de
I must take the tablet with me at the same time .	de
We must not fear , Thomas .	de
I really must have a look at this Michael .	de
We must take him by surprise .	de
You must get new boots .	de
You must get new boots .	de
You must get new boots .	de
You must get new boots .	de
You must get new boots . COSMO :	de
We must know .	de
We must not exceed a 3 % solution .	de
All right , if you must know , I had a traumatic ... ... swing incident when I was little .	de
A god must have a high priest , must he not ?	de
We must have allies .	de
It must be taken from living beings .	de
We must acquire a new plant for the ceremony .	de
We must have accurate information about what other worlds are doing .	de
You must be hurting bad for money to take this job .	de
Do you ? Your Majesty must not be alarmed .	de
Darling , we must get him his own credit card .	de
If we are to continue , we must find a station .	de
We must have water , that 's not complely laden with whatever is being emitted from these aircraft .	de
Paolo , you must help me .	de
Surely she must be adopted , and could this party get any worse ?	de
A group must have a leader .	de
We must avoid that .	de
You must be hurting bad for money to take this job .	de
Why must it take so long ?	de
I must have a thousand crowns or I 'm finished .	de
I will get you anything you want , but I must have that key .	de
We must have air that we can breathe , that 's not full of toxic chemicals and metals .	de
If you must paint something , can not you paint some of your own stuff ?	de
Every mind must have some counsellor to whom it may apply for consolation in distress .	de
We must try to place a Folkung - in every important position to weaken the influence of the Sverker clan .	de
We must try to place a Folkung - in every important position to weaken the influence of the Sverker clan .	de
The Dutchman must have a captain .	de
- The Dutchman must have a captain .	de
In order to be effective , it must be well anchored in the Member States ' national authorities .	de
The necessary and valuable spirit of initiative must be offset by a sense of responsibility towards society .	de
Admittedly , there is the International Oil Pollution Compensation Fund , IOPCF , but it waters down the issue of liability and sets its ceiling at a quite inadequate level , which must be reviewed .	de
Current programmes must be accelerated .	de
This must naturally lead to a reformulation of development goals and strategies , together with a transformation of institutions and processes so that both women ' s and men ' s priorities and needs are better reflected .	de
There is a willingness but fear pervades , and to assuage this fear we must find political and religious leadership not only in Ireland but throughout the European Union .	de
We must therefore find a political solution .	de
We must create joint , interregional and transnational management bodies , in which all local and regional authorities , as well as economic and social operators , play an active role .	de
Genetically modified additives must also be clearly identified in feedingstuffs in order to allow the end-consumer to choose food without GMO components or based on GMO components and to guarantee this .	de
We must have more equality between our ACP partners and our European members and I want to get rid of the " them and us " syndrome .	de
In order to achieve this strategic direction , there must be an institutional alliance which transcends the natural differences of political opinion .	de
We must without doubt take up the challenges laid down in this report , but must also institute a genuine Community policy on conservation and sustainable management .	de
Ports must be equipped with reception facilities .	de
When it comes to protecting health and the environment we must be ambitious if we really want to improve the situation .	de
We must bring the new standard into force as soon as possible . It is in our interests to do so , but what we are lacking is commitment on the part of the Americans .	de
Political dialogue must be structured and take the form of regular consultations .	de
I believe we must adopt an open and transparent strategy here , so that we can say in all candour how we dealt with the funding that was made available to the groups .	de
I share his opinion but , given the cross-border nature of the problem , the response must be at Union level .	de
We therefore move the inadmissibility of this report which , in addition to having a dubious legal basis , was not properly prepared and does not enjoy the broad consensus which Europe must have .	de
We must strike a balance . This is necessary if our citizens are to have confidence in European cooperation .	de
We must have a majority of two thirds of the Member States , even if that means providing at the same time for a simple majority of Member States representing a majority of the total EU population .	de
The application and control of Community legislation is also important . The Member States must cooperate in this application .	de
Where operations are concerned , we must have a method which is fast and legally correct and which permits transparency , and we must therefore have a more regular budgetary procedure .	de
Where operations are concerned , we must have a method which is fast and legally correct and which permits transparency , and we must therefore have a more regular budgetary procedure .	de
This anomaly must be resolved without delay .	de
A major effort must be made in terms of harmonisation and simplification of rules .	de
I am in favour of this report but I do not agree with its hypocrisy . We must be more courageous !	de
The situation regarding competition in the fixed networks must also be radically improved .	de
There are a whole range of activities connected to the tobacco industry , which we must protect at all costs .	de
We must therefore have cross-border cooperation to prevent the trade from developing .	de
We must obtain relevant and reliable information which can be compared .	de
It is our view that the IGC must succeed , that it is absolutely crucial that it succeeds , but not at any price .	de
Recent events have given us grounds to think that these are possible consequences , which must be prevented at all costs .	de
Of course , we must have clear information permitting full traceability from farm to plate .	de
The regulation on the subject of the Community ' s forests must be reformed , but Parliament cannot undertake financial commitments until the present regulation expires in 2001 .	de
We must have good coordination between the assistance agreement , which has recently been debated here in the Chamber , and the rules concerning money laundering .	de
If anybody wants to attach themselves to it , they must have the agreement of all the groups which have produced the text .	de
A common approach must be adopted to address these problems . In its Helsinki report , the Commission clearly signalled that it cannot solve all these problems by its own efforts alone .	de
I repeat that we must have a minimum degree of internal coherence in our policies .	de
Mr President , there must be a common and effective EU contribution to the success of the UN World Conference Against Racism next year and its European preparatory conference next month .	de
This is a fight which must engage us all and which must be able , specifically , to count on the participation of the European Parliament in defining the strategies to adopt and the priorities to set .	de
They must have a sound and responsible administration , staffed by men and women who are trained in Community procedures and in budgetary rules .	de
Controls must be tightened up , and the ultimate use to which exported arms are put must be strictly monitored In a word , the trade in death must stop .	de
Firstly , we must promote the development at national level of information and awareness-raising policies targeting families and the world of education in general .	de
There is one point which I must stress in particular .	de
I do not know if it will be under the urgent procedure but , in essence , it must be as quickly as possible .	de
The text of the Treaties must be comprehensible , above all from the point of view of the citizens .	de
The EU must acquire a credible foreign policy . We cannot rely upon the United States forever more .	de
More importantly , we must learn from this latest experience .	de
I also wish to say that there must be solid grounds for bans within the single market .	de
Commissioner , Minister , we must have strict controls in order to guarantee that specified risk materials are separated out throughout the entire animal food chain .	de
The CAP must be reorganised to encourage farmers .	de
As there is still a lot of uncertainty , we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken .	de
We must provide a broad definition of a support system and therefore cannot accept Amendments Nos 16 and 19 .	de
This is why more women must be involved in negotiations , in prevention operations , in management ...	de
We must instigate a major debate among the citizens of Europe , getting them involved in our debates . My third point concerns participation .	de
We must have a full picture of all parties ' responsibilities and hence of their liability .	de
In order for Treaty reform , and indeed enlargement , to be a success it must have the full support of the people .	de
The EU must acquire a common constitution .	de
Mr President , given the economic and geopolitical importance of Russia , the European Union believes it must seek a common strategy on the subject .	de
More humanitarian aid must be delivered .	de
A framework directive on postal services in Europe must therefore be drawn up as quickly as possible , since the Nice Summit gave the " green light " to this project .	de
We must produce a coordinated strategy for employment in conjunction with measures to counter discrimination on the grounds of age and modernise pensions and health schemes .	de
These are shortcomings that must be reviewed as a matter of priority .	de
European politics , military and civilian action must be coordinated effectively . This is another expectation which the world has of us , and rightly so .	de
However , measures must also be taken to avoid the obvious danger of information poverty .	de
As this becomes increasingly important , we must have an Institutional Agreement in which the role of Parliament is strengthened .	de
Secondly , we must continue to exert pressure on the Taliban regime so that it ceases its systematic crimes against human rights .	de
So this means that there must be a response , and a change of course , from the Heads of State and Government too .	de
We must , therefore , have an information policy that provides the Iraqi people with knowledge , so that this regime can finally be overthrown .	de
We must have the framework first and then look at how it is best implemented and whether such harmonisation is appropriate .	de
There must be a European-wide political agreement concerning the framework decision on the identification , seizure and confiscation of products of crime .	de
However , amendments have been proposed which seek to extend the Commission proposal even further . For example , the definition of public authorities must include agencies and legal persons acting on behalf of the public authorities .	de
Our citizens must receive sufficient training and so achieve good skills .	de
There must be strong , independent and open public research in the field so that there is also research into areas which are not of immediate commercial interest and into the problems and risks posed by the technology .	de
Whether it be this issue or the environment or the application of the precautionary principle , we must have the democratic freedom to be able to insist on some minimum standards acceptable to the majority of our citizens .	de
We must have access to more documents , and it is completely unacceptable that we should sit here in Parliament without knowing what our own ministers are saying and doing in the Council when they legislate .	de
There must be special grounds for exceptions to this rule .	de
We must have sustainable energy policies .	de
The economic policy of the Union must clearly be consistent with the principles of its employment policy and the social agenda .	de
We must have intelligent sanctions .	de
As the rapporteur says , the Commission must present rapid proposals for the safety of services .	de
As consensus must be reached at Doha , however , giving in to the United States and the Cairns Group by abandoning our farmers to the productivist and ultraliberal global market is not an adequate approach .	de
In the light of the enlargement , every effort must be made to achieve this also in the candidate countries in the shortest possible time .	de
We must have clear European standards and European measuring methods .	de
We must pay special attention to this issue in order to adequately weigh up the different actions relating to the forests : prevention , improvement , conservation and the restoration of burnt areas and forestation .	de
We must therefore set up a true system of ports of refuge and safe ports of anchorage where damage can be limited . We welcome this proposal , although we have tightened it up slightly .	de
In the peripheral regions too , we must treat the riches of the sea that we have been given sensibly .	de
We must strive for a policy which can meet quite a few different objectives at the same time . We must weigh immediate needs against the long-term consequences of decisions and their impact outside the EU .	de
The production of energy and the cultivation of energy crops offer an alternative income-generation opportunity for our farmers in Europe , which must be exploited .	de
There must be standardised rules across Europe to allow victims of the traffic in human beings and domestic slavery to escape their persecutors .	de
In connection with the Macedonian peace proposal , the Macedonian parliament must hold a debate as a matter of urgency .	de
That is why agreements must be made globally , preferably in the context of the World Trade Organisation .	de
There must be mutual recognition .	de
More importantly , however , we must make firm proposals that seek to put an end to these despicable acts .	de
Air traffic has increased considerably and we must treat safety issues with particular attention .	de
We must , at long last , move away from our non-vaccination policy .	de
There must also be increasing cooperation between intelligence services and a strengthening of Europol .	de
And we must do so jointly with the United States .	de
A military and intelligence response must , in any case , be accompanied by an incisive Union policy in the areas where there is worst crisis : an action intended to extinguish the flames of desperation and intolerance .	de
An extra effort must therefore be made to ensure that it is the job and the responsibilities , and not the individual ' s gender , which decide how much he or she is paid .	de
We must improve how the system works .	de
There must be an increase in openness and public control .	de
We must build upon a clear division of power in which political responsibility can be insisted upon .	de
We had insisted on the need for decisions to be made quickly , but in every case we must first consult Parliament fully .	de
There must be an equal balance of effort and sharing of responsibility to prevent both forum shopping by asylum seekers and ' pass the parcel ' by Member States .	de
The Council must certainly be made aware of this .	de
I should like to highlight this sector in particular , because we are still a long way from having the really efficient network of libraries in Europe that is an absolute must .	de
If we are to succeed , we must have the backing of a broad coalition , under the aegis of the United Nations .	de
It tells us that we must populate Europe because Europe has a population deficit .	de
We must have adequate education , monitoring and research .	de
There must be proper legal protection of foreign investments and investors in Vietnam and the corruption there must be brought to an end .	de
We must also accelerate the completion of security programmes relating to checks on hold luggage and ensure that our decisions have been implemented .	de
And in the knowledge that 314 votes must be attained , you should have acted more wisely .	de
The European fisheries policy must be brought much more closely in line with European development policy .	de
We must increase competition at ports .	de
As it is difficult to recycle plastic , something must be done about this .	de
Political decisions must be based on sound data , and the directive must be adapted accordingly .	de
In European research , we must take a step forward both qualitatively and quantitatively speaking .	de
I agree with Mr Poettering that Europe must speak with one voice .	de
There must be a genuine rethink of transport policy at European level .	de
There must be a swift , impartial , effective inquiry into these massacres .	de
We must also have a proper evaluation of the year in clear and simple language , and in accessible formats .	de
We must have mechanisms in place to stop this recurring year on year .	de
We must have effective administration and make sure that people regain their confidence in the European Union .	de
We must be prepared for a long haul .	de
However , the fact that no decisions have been taken on the future of the Galileo European satellite navigation project is a regrettable example of what we must avoid .	de
We must also have instruments of political cooperation .	de
We must introduce an integrated policy through genuine cooperation at international level , whilst striving hard not to give in to a lax attitude , which would have a detrimental effect on our work .	de
We must have improved scientific information : there can be no broad-brush approach , as has been said .	de
We must take a different approach , where the public services are provided by public companies and monitored by the citizens .	de
I fully agree that we must have predictable accepted methodologies so that anybody can assess how we have come to these conclusions .	de
We must have more PCs at school per student .	de
Insupportable debts must be substantially lowered , and the Debt Repayment Fund must be adequate for this .	de
The point I made in my speech in the debate was that it is not enough to have common agreement to respect rights ; you must have effective remedies .	de
We must now gather support from the international community for those measures .	de
We must check this very carefully , and we must ensure once again that these competences are returned either to national parliaments or to the European Parliament .	de
This is an aspect that the national authorities must focus on , without fail , in order to enhance the attraction of Structural Funds in the private sector .	de
If we are to be able to create a dynamic and competitive Europe , then deregulation , liberalisation , structural changes and tax reductions must be implemented .	de
The Socrates Programme must be managed efficiently , and this also includes coordination with other European programmes .	de
There must also be the vision of ' living together ' , of solidarity between rich regions and poorer regions , and of access for everyone to a number of fundamental rights .	de
We must set up this internal market for food supplements .	de
Customers who must have money .	de
We must now have the last question to the President-in-Office of the Council , because he must leave at 7 p.m. on the dot to catch his flight .	de
The European Union must agree to prioritise growth and employment , promoting the genuine integration of the economies of the Member States .	de
In this case - and I must stress this , as it may be an issue on which Mr Oostlander and myself do not agree - the national administrations are the key players in this programme .	de
There must be a bilateral solution , urgently required , supported by the new Dublin II but reached through pragmatic bilateral agreement .	de
Children who are left alone to flee from war and oppression must receive all the support we can give them .	de
In order that co-operation is as close as possible , there must be an exchange of personal data of those few who pose a threat to security .	de
The plan for funding this process , through specialised sections of the EIB now and a Euro-Mediterranean Development Bank in the future , must be welcomed with open arms .	de
Actual steps must be taken in order to ensure that this is done .	de
Firstly , we must have a detailed survey on the international mobility of students , since none exists at the moment .	de
This is certainly a major challenge - a challenge for the Europe of culture and values - which we cannot afford not to take up and in which we must succeed .	de
We do not want to hear once again , Mr President , that Europe must have a foreign policy .	de
If the objective of reducing the fishing fleet is successfully to be achieved , policy must be radically revised .	de
We must have a standardisation of sampling , reporting and the way in which these matters are dealt with .	de
However , before taking any legislative measures , we must identify the reasons why the food chain has been downgraded and adulterated .	de
Mr de Miguel , I completely share your view that a better description must be produced and that the budget must be planned more effectively .	de
The Union must have its own competence in matters involving economic policy , and it must have a redefined framework for the coordination of national policies , as well as fiscal harmonisation of the budgetary and revenue tools .	de
This situation must change , and it must be based on greater coordination among the Member States themselves and greater involvement by them and the European Union in the various stages of United Nations programmes .	de
We can distribute responsibility around the various Member States , but we must have a coordinated policy .	de
We must develop a policy that will work .	de
Fourthly , a VAT level must be set which is harmonised at European level .	de
The good cause is not served by duplication . The distribution of tasks must be clear .	de
We must have time to discover how we are to resolve this matter .	de
We must also review policy in areas in which we know that we are at present , in actual fact , harming poor countries in particular .	de
Europe must become more innovative .	de
We must set up a true common asylum and immigration policy .	de
We must have Rules of Procedure which reflect a positive view of family and children , something not expressed by the present Rules .	de
We must also prepare a reserve plan to cover the contingency of there being a ' no ' vote in Ireland .	de
We must deal with this report with enthusiasm and not become discouraged , because the positions seem so opposed that an agreement appears impossible .	de
In order to promote the use of biofuels , a tax incentive must be introduced .	de
The EU and the Member States must make far greater efforts in the field of de-escalation .	de
There must be labelling and transparency .	de
There must be guidelines regarding ingredients .	de
We must definitely have data based on research regarding which materials improve the state of the environment most and in which circumstances .	de
We must continue with the campaign against violence and with preventive measures .	de
I reiterate that the EU must have a consistent approach and should not extradite individuals to countries where they may be at risk of incurring the death penalty .	de
There must therefore , of course , be better coordination , and I am able to welcome the initiatives the Commission is working on in this area .	de
We must have institutions that fight for citizens ' rights in the EU .	de
We must have colleagues who show that they are in favour of securing citizens ' rights , but that is not enough in itself .	de
These must be conducted with the full participation of local people and we must have the results of those impact assessments before negotiations start .	de
My group is deeply worried that corruption remains widespread and that much work must be done to implement the acquis in justice and home affairs .	de
In other words , they must not necessarily be changed each year .	de
We must have proper democratic control .	de
It must also be a political association . In other words , we must get used to addressing all global political issues together with our Mediterranean partners .	de
And an increase - as the rapporteurs have said - in the monitoring of pharmaceuticals , because the effects of medication do not end with authorisation , and furthermore there must be continued monitoring .	de
Firstly , because the European Commission had the courage to tackle head on a considerable and practical problem which , whether you like it or not , must be resolved .	de
The EU must create sustainable fishing which can survive in the long term .	de
We must have similar access to other working parties ' working documents and minutes , and we must have access immediately so that we can follow developments before the laws are adopted .	de
When supervision and operation are handed over to the various directorates-general , they must be monitored effectively .	de
I believe that there must be tough rules in place to prevent conflicts of interest among financial journalists .	de
We must have the full and fair implementation of the Copenhagen criteria in political and economic matters .	de
We must take account of other indicators that are just as relevant and quantifiable , such as accessibility , public infrastructures and employment rates .	de
To avoid deliberately upsetting nature , we must draft effective climate policy .	de
This is , in my view , a clear and transparent stance , which we must sustain at all costs .	de
A safeguard clause must therefore be included .	de
We must have time and the proper analysis of how the process has been functioning .	de
We must reach an interinstitutional agreement .	de
The European Parliament must achieve greater participation without necessarily demanding the right to make decisions .	de
The Commission must do this in a much more focused way .	de
We really must be allowed enough time .	de
Yes , there must be emergency action plans .	de
We must introduce a global dimension , a clear statement must be issued by the OIE and there must be effective monitoring of imports , including at airports .	de
We must introduce a global dimension , a clear statement must be issued by the OIE and there must be effective monitoring of imports , including at airports .	de
The first thing we must do is understand .	de
It must be diverse if it is to be democratic .	de
We must have this .	de
We must also have a compensation rule for ports or places of refuge that take in ships .	de
We must not only have a common goal but also a common working method , and I am somewhat stricter than you are when it comes to discouraging new national rules .	de
All players must have a management system , and there must be common safety certificates for staff , for rolling stock and also for the infrastructure manager .	de
This difficult process must also be given more political support , and it is a pity that business must sacrifice flexibility for the sake of regulation , flexibility being the keyword in the sector .	de
In concentrating the services in one or two main players we must be sure that we do not risk security in the event of institutional collapse .	de
In order to exert maximum influence , coordination must take place with the United States on as many aspects as possible .	de
Moreover , there must be safeguards to ensure that we do not encourage the use of marriage as an avenue to gain illegal entry .	de
This must be explained .	de
We must therefore create a new binding international legal instrument , not just to further and promote cultural diversity but to establish trade rules for cultural goods and services too .	de
On culture - less than 0.5 % of total expenditure - we must have an effective procedure for the A-30 lines .	de
We must have a policy that is able to accommodate the different levels of economic development and of commitment to our value system .	de
We must be more ambitious and more decisive if we are to resolve the causes of inequality , violence and poverty .	de
In the final analysis , we must have a decision , within Europe , on the real nature of our Treaties .	de
We must have a second UN resolution , we must have a clear timetable in order to say inspectors can go on for so long but no further .	de
We must have a second UN resolution , we must have a clear timetable in order to say inspectors can go on for so long but no further .	de
We must have an adequate fishing industry .	de
Particular attention must be paid to women who find it harder to achieve equality of opportunity , such as women with disabilities , immigrants and heads of families .	de
The UN needs to be reformed , and we must get a broad discussion under way about what international law really entails and about how it might be able to protect people in future .	de
We must not have agencies just so that all the Member States can have their ' baby ' .	de
Our accounting must be on an accrual basis .	de
In fact , we must make further efforts to ensure that the programme can be a real option for everyone and indeed , why should it not become a normal part of university education in Europe ?	de
Those procedures must therefore be changed in one way or another , in spite of all the mediation that has taken place in the meantime .	de
If the curious consumer wishes to know more , they must consult the manufacturer by way of the latter 's web site and by telephone .	de
Secondly , the criteria must be clear .	de
We must implement a new policy which integrates all European actions .	de
The role of public health in the Treaty really must be laid down and reinforced now .	de
We must also have joint travel advice because there certainly is something the matter .	de
It must be put on a sound financial footing .	de
We must have proper checks on the readiness and the value of our contingency plan .	de
We must have the resources , knowledge and personnel to react quickly .	de
We must have a concerted , organised and united approach to prevent illegal imports .	de
We must use a proper map , a genuine maritime-style map .	de
The least-favoured areas must be given special intention in view of the impact the total decoupling of aid will have on them .	de
Other elements must be added to them however .	de
We must have an early-warning system in place to pinpoint areas of potential disagreement at the earliest possible moment .	de
This Parliament has a central role to play in this and must take on board its responsibilities , but the Council and the Commission must give us greater cooperation .	de
However , to do that it must set aside the ethnic differences of the north and south , outlaw the extremes of Sharia law and work together towards economic prosperity .	de
To do that we need very clear and detailed rules , but there must be a level playing field across Europe , and in this case that means a harmonised and more effective method of testing .	de
One of them must have a majority in the European Parliament , but Parliament cannot elect a second .	de
At the same time , there must be a reliable verification system .	de
Not everyone was in agreement with all the points in the report , but that does not prevent me from wanting the debate to continue , because it must exist .	de
If the citizens of Europe want a constitution , there must be a constitutive process based on democracy , social rights , public services and the general interest .	de
Although we are taking the new Member States into full consideration , the regions in the current Member States needing special support must also be included in any new plans .	de
There must be a regional policy .	de
This means that we must stand united .	de
The definition must be clear so that the citizens can understand these competences and it must be transparent so that these are not open to interpretation by institutions that might have a more opaque way of doing things .	de
Europe must have prisons that are fit for human beings .	de
Although I do feel that such an agency would be useful , we must stop and think before launching such an undertaking .	de
We must ensure support for these languages by making use of the possibilities provided by the existing programmes .	de
There must also be a necessary reserve of key energy products in stock .	de
Our willingness to use the euro in the European Union must be confirmed and increased every day .	de
The European Union must not set up an organisation in parallel with NATO .	de
First of all , there must be a balance between social and economic considerations .	de
We must show solidarity with future generations .	de
The Commission is working on this area , but we must time things carefully .	de
We need clear criteria for the awarding of subsidies to organisations and projects , and these must be clearly publicised , so that the applicants know where they stand .	de
There must be more investment in clean sources of energy and energy saving and that must also manifest itself in the budget .	de
And push we must .	de
There must also be cultural autonomy for Tibet .	de
We must have a successful debate on this .	de
We must take immediate , concerted action to support the victims .	de
We must have a single start date .	de
Europe must continue to grow so that new jobs can be created .	de
Romania must not be afraid of the Hungarians .	de
We must have a referendum .	de
The Council and these three proposals must therefore be supported .	de
A rigorous measurement framework , widely agreed and adopted by the industry , is a must to quantify the real benefits of information and communication technologies .	de
That is what must be done .	de
In the face of third parties , common tariffs must be matched with common customs .	de
The most important thing is that people absolutely must have the right to know and to make their own choice about the food they eat .	de
We must , therefore , be more innovative to convince European citizens and make them our allies .	de
In addition , the loser must be given the means to make his criticism known to the voters .	de
We must have a system for registering cattle and a control system which ensures that the legislation is complied with .	de
We must have their support .	de
That is not necessarily the case under this regulation , but we must create an instrument to do so very quickly .	de
We must have an agreement .	de
We must have equitable agreements with other countries .	de
We must find another brain .	de
must get her fingerprints and l . D. number on it .	de
I must have a partner , Kemp , a visible partner , to help me in the little things .	de
I must be left alone . It 's vital .	de
I must have a partner , Kemp , a visible partner , to help me in the little things .	de
I must have those books , Kemp .	de
We must have them .	de
I must have another .	de
And I must have them all .	de
- We must focus on the details - I feed off my emotions .	de
These things must be done delicately ... ... or you hurt the spell .	de
I must get my purse !	de
I must get my purse !	de
You must have someone to sit around and drink all the grape juice .	de
Now , to sing this song , you must be gifted ...	de
I must have help	de
I must have help	de
- Proctor , the village must have proof .	de
- Proctor , the village must have proof .	de
I must have good and legal proof that you have confessed to witchcraft .	de
To this we must now add resolve .	de
I must get some air .	de
I can not face the world in the morning . I must have coffee before I can speak .	de
I can not face the world in the morning . I must have coffee before I can speak .	de
I can not face the world in the morning . I must have coffee before I can speak .	de
We must proceed with balance .	de
You must not fear .	de
must one have reason to help those in need ?	de
I must have protection .	de
We must find an outsider .	de
They must speak to you .	de
To do this , we must have our own bases , our own leaders , our own communities .	de
In the few years I have left , I must have truth .	de
In the few years I have left , I must have truth .	de
I must have my coat on .	de
The unit must be in a life form .	de
Well , you must eat	de
We must have the proof .	de
l" m sorry ... ... but there" s someone here who says he must see Mr. Lawrence .	de
We must find a doctor . The death certificate must be signed .	de
I think your suggestion is good , but I must consider first .	de
The Quality Woman must have grace , elegance and pizzazz .	de
Well , the Church must have sons and daughters , you know , if she is to flourish .	de
Oh , I am very weary . I must seek repose .	de
She must be up to something	de
You must not win the race the first time around .	de
You must not win the race the first time around .	de
So it must take a lot of balls to walk into a bank and stick it up with a gun , huh ?	de
So it must take a lot of balls to walk into a bank and stick it up with a gun , huh ?	de
I said it wasn not bad , but I must consider it .	de
" I must have liberty . "	de
Yes , you can , but you must have something to hold on to .	de
We must have someone there .	de
I 'm sorry , but people must have their revenge .	de
We must bypass nothing at all !	de
You must have a dependable guide .	de
To save Charles , we must prove that someone else stole it .	de
I must ask you for the key and the recall code .	de
A magazine must have ... .. blood and brains and pizzazz .	de
I really must have some more sherry .	de
- Yes , but you must have help because ...	de
I must have money to pay for it .	de
But here 's the point . We must have product .	de
Giger was always inspecting the set as it developed and ... ... saying ... ... " We must have more bones on the set . "	de
I must have a foolproof method of escape . Foolproof .	de
He must have time to readjust .	de
