Europe 's environment ministers have agreed that all 15 EU nations should adhere to the Kyoto Protocol .	de
Charity should begin at home .	de
Instead of lecturing the United States , our critics may better spend their time reminding others that if terrorists do n't want to be detained at Camp X-Ray , they should join the civilized world .	de
A probe of what transpired should be in the offing .	ep
Observers had warned that should the outcome be seen to have been rigged , violence could explode across the volatile southern African nation .	ep
Zimbabwe should be an economic beacon , not a basket case .	de
Political analysts say the charges may have laid the groundwork for Mugabe to jail Tsvangirai as a last-ditch effort to stay in power should he lose the election .	ep
The hard line on Argentina , White House and Treasury officials say , was calculated to send the message that under the Bush administration , the United States would be a reluctant financial firefighter and that the markets should not bet on a bailout .	de
And some argue that both the Clinton and Bush administrations should have acted sooner to steer Argentina away from its doomed efforts to defend a 1-to-1 peg of its peso to the dollar .	de
But many say the monetary fund should have called government officials to account sooner .	de
Philip E. Clapp , president of the National Environmental Trust , a private lobbying group , criticized this approach , saying : '' The president 's global warming proposal appears to be another faith-based initiative : we should have faith that major corporations will line up to volunteer cuts in their carbon pollution .	de
Amnesty International sought access to the prisoners in Guantanamo and said they should be allowed to have lawyers .	de
Several governments joined the chorus , saying the prisoners should be granted prisoner of war status under the Geneva Convention .	de
After a series of budget cuts and a patchwork of economic programs , the country lacks a coherent economic and monetary strategy , and has no consensus as to what should be done .	de
Under the law , a new president should be installed within three months .	de
Some aides to Mr. de la R ?gued that the federal government should seize Governor Ruckauf 's Buenos Aires provincial police force in order to control the rioting that surged in the working-class neighborhoods that surround the capital city .	de
The Opposition 's environment spokesman , Kelvin Thomson , said yesterday that Australia '' should not follow the US position on climate change '' .	de
The ministry also suggested that before judging others ' rights records , the United States should investigate the situation at home , including the government 's failure to ratify some international human rights agreements and the use of the death penalty .	de
-LRB- Human rights hawks say the matter should be decided by a '' competent tribunal , '' whatever that is . -RRB-	de
At no time was it clearer that countries should take steps to slow this process than when 150 countries signed the Kyoto Protocol in 1997 .	de
China always holds that anti-terrorism campaigns should be based on irrefutable evidence , and anti-terrorism attacks should not be expanded arbitrarily , said Kong .	de
China always holds that anti-terrorism campaigns should be based on irrefutable evidence , and anti-terrorism attacks should not be expanded arbitrarily , said Kong .	de
He stressed that handling state-to-state relations should follow the purposes and principles of the United Nations Charter , the Five Principles of Peaceful Co-existence , and the principle that all countries should be treated on an equal footing .	de
Such desperation by Mugabe should not be condoned by African leaders .	de
'' We should remain calm and let the law take its course , '' Iribani , designated government spokesperson for Misuari 's case , said he told a group of Muslim leaders and MNLF commanders in a dialogue in Zamboanga City .	de
Some Moro groups had claimed Misuari 's detention was an affront to the Muslim people and should be cause for a '' Muslim war . ''	de
With good economic management , Israel should have little trouble overcoming the present crisis .	ep
It should be clear that the problem Israel is facing at this time has much more than just an economic dimension .	ep
Although Mbeki has not specifically given his own views , an official South African observer team said the election result should be respected .	de
Washington is still mulling a response to the election and '' continuing its conversations with allied nations about what the proper response should be to the fraudulent election in Zimbabwe , '' said Ari Fleischer , spokesman for US President George W. Bush .	de
Governor Carlos Ruckauf of the vast Buenos Aires province said all parties had to '' help the Peronists in a national salvation government ... with consensus that the person in charge until 2003 should be Duhalde . ''	de
Landed with the provisional presidency for 48 hours , the head of the lower house of Congress , Eduardo Camano , called on senators and deputies to hold a legislative assembly today which should rubber-stamp Duhalde 's appointment .	de
But how could Blair have '' a Commonwealth report '' when no one else had received such a report that should be channeled through the Secretariat to all members , asked one of the other 53 Commonwealth leaders at the retreat ?	de
There was also the curious appointment of and behaviour by individual members of the Commonwealth mission who should have been sworn to secrecy as part of their mission and who should have expressed their views only through the chair of the mission .	de
There was also the curious appointment of and behaviour by individual members of the Commonwealth mission who should have been sworn to secrecy as part of their mission and who should have expressed their views only through the chair of the mission .	de
John Reynolds , the Canadian Alliance leader , said Zimbabwe should be suspended from the Commonwealth and its High Commissioner to Canada '' sent packing '' until '' we straighten this mess out . ''	de
Sam Motsuenyane , head of a 50-member observer mission from South Africa , said the result '' should be considered legitimate '' and blamed the difficulties faced by some voters on '' administrative oversight . ''	de
Opposition justice spokesman Darryl Melham says the Australian government 's refusal to demand consular access to its citizen compares poorly with British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw 's immediate insistence that three British nationals captured with Al Qaeda should face neither a military tribunal nor the death penalty .	de
That the United States is compelled , through the unpreparedness of its allies , to conduct this fight in its military dimension almost single-handedly , should be a cause for soul-searching gratitude among those allies , hardly the resentment we have so often seen .	de
Though Zimbabwe 's harshest critics had argued the country should be suspended before the elections , African countries , supported by Mr. Chretien , took a wait-and-see attitude , setting up the three-member committee to make a final determination after the election .	de
In Canada , the opposition parties were highly critical of the Commonwealth , saying it should have suspended Zimbabwe indefinitely until Mr. Mugabe holds free and fair elections .	de
Joe Clark , the Conservative leader , said the suspension of Zimbabwe is one step in what should be a series of moves to restore democracy to the southern African nation .	de
Canada froze future project funding to Zimbabwe last May , suspended export funding and last week banned Zimbabwe officials from visiting , but Mr. Martin said more sanctions should be imposed .	de
Mr. Eggleton warned the Liberal MPs they should not forget the horror of the Sept .	de
They should be brought to justice .	de
Governments are expected to protect the national economy , and they should deviate from that mission only when crucial national interests are at stake -LRB- fighting terrorism , for example -RRB- .	de
Instead of trying to cap carbon dioxide emissions -- a costly burden at home and an impossible task in the developing world -- we should focus on abating the damage global warming does in at-risk nations .	de
Taylor told his Quebec critics that they should be more circumspect .	de
Three leading international organisations warned jointly Thursday -LRB- 29 November -RRB- that the international fight against terrorism should not be a pretext for the violation of human rights .	de
Mankind should continue to work on a solution to global warming .	de
Dr. Ren suggested that developing nations should also join forces in emissions reduction in the future .	de
The detainees should look at the balmy Camp X-ray -- replete with running water , three square meals a day and modern medical care -- as a sort of Taliban version of Club Med .	de
It should be noted that much of the uproar is over photographs of the detainees taken as they were being transported from airplanes to their cells .	de
We should listen to them .	de
We should keep listening and arguing , but adopt a cautious approach .	de
However , the WTO should not be loaded with all the world 's sins .	de
The Citizen argues that Canada should '' insist '' the United States '' allow a ' competent tribunal ' to decide the legal status of the detainees , as required by the Geneva Convention ... .	de
When reproducing our materials in whole or in part , reference to Pravda.RU should be made .	de
When reproducing our materials in whole or in part , reference to Pravda.RU should be made .	de
Chavez supporters say that no witch-hunting will follow and the opposition should not be afraid of persecution .	de
When reproducing our materials in whole or in part , reference to Pravda.RU should be made .	de
When reproducing our materials in whole or in part , reference to Pravda.RU should be made .	de
He said all parties concerned should work for resuming peace negotiations as soon as possible , based on the United Nations resolutions on the Middle East issues , the principle of land for peace and commitment to agreements and notes of understandings which have been reached .	de
The editor of the Arabic newspaper believes that one should do everything possible to put an end to Bush 's imprudence , otherwise the war that he is going to have will overshadow the World Wars .	de
When reproducing our materials in whole or in part , reference to Pravda.RU should be made .	de
When reproducing our materials in whole or in part , reference to Pravda.RU should be made .	de
When reproducing our materials in whole or in part , reference to Pravda.RU should be made .	de
As China 's experts believe , there should be at least four test unmanned flights performed before they can launch a man into space .	de
When reproducing our materials in whole or in part , reference to Pravda.RU should be made .	de
On 26 November , a Progress M1-7 transport spaceship should be launched from Baykonur to the International Space Station .	ep
Instead of resorting to such measures , the commissioner said the NGOs should work with Suhakam for the advancement of human rights in this country .	de
The US national security adviser should have called for ending the occupation and dismantling the settlements .	de
The second fact is that if Washington is interested in democratic reforms in order to combat terrorism as it says it is , it should pressure the Israeli leadership to end its occupation of the Palestinian territories and stop its repressive practices against the Palestinian people .	de
The calls from Washington and London for the just and legitimate realisation of Palestinian statehood as part of such a settlement , should be viewed by the Israeli leadership as a guarantee of Israel 's peace and security , but continued violence and aggression , as history has shown time and again , is a recipe for disaster .	de
Foreign Minister Syed Hamid Albar was quoted by Bernama news agency as saying the detainees should be treated as prisoners of war according to international law .	de
It must decide on rules and procedures for the convening of the Loya Jirga , as well as when and where it should meet , and for how long .	de
Malaysia felt that the Taliban and Al-Qaeda soliders should be treated under provisions of the Geneva Convention .	de
From this group , 49 percent believe that a hypothetical replacement of the chief of state should take place through the institutional channels , whereas 5 percent agree with using forceful means .	de
In the document serious criticism was made on the expanding military presence by the United States at the international level and it was demanded that the United States should stop the policy of dominating the world .	de
Therefore , China is justified in demanding that the United States , by creating conflicts and by embarking upon the policy of oppression and supremacy should stop interfering in the affairs of other countries in the name of human rights .	de
This report -LRB- above-mentioned document by China -RRB- should be an eye opener for the whole world and the United States should be viewed in its true perspective .	de
This report -LRB- above-mentioned document by China -RRB- should be an eye opener for the whole world and the United States should be viewed in its true perspective .	de
Pakistan should draw its own conclusions in the light of its own circumstances , from this report issued by China .	de
Instead of blindly accepting every demand made by the United States and responding positively to every American phone call , Pakistan should take every single step carefully .	de
In its 9 February editorial entitled '' the World of Good and Evil , '' the influential newspaper Financial Times of the United Kingdom stressed that the United States should listen to the friendly countries ' criticism of Bush 's remarks calling the DPRK , Iran , and Iraq an axis of evil .	de
As for the criticisms of the destinations of the presidential trips , she remarked : '' In addition to the fact that we do not have to ask anyone for permission to decide where and when we should visit a country , the President has visited countries with which we have direct trade relations , countries that are OPEC members , with the specific objective of strengthening our economy . ''	de
He stressed that these journalists should be tried since , according to Article 122 of the Penal Code , any action that instigates interventionist actions is considered treason against the homeland .	de
It should at least take up its own citizens ' plight with the Karzai administration .	de
Despite the powerful compulsions it is apparently labouring under , Islamabad should at least seek details of the Pakistanis being held at Guantanamo Bay , so that their cases can be taken up with Washington later .	de
He should acknowledge these debts and make the effort to learn to live in a democracy , respecting others ' rights .	de
Yet , the least that Mr. Bush should have done is to prove his accusations of a collusive nexus among Iran and Iraq , two Islamic countries , and North Korea , arguably a reclusive ` Stalinist ' state , besides their alleged '' terrorist '' accomplices .	de
The great leader -LRB- yongdoja -RRB- Comrade Kim Chong-il has pointed out the following : '' We should conduct proper research work to protect the environment , such as the air and water , in order to maintain people 's health and provide them with more hygienic and civilized living conditions . ''	de
In the course of calculating the gains and losses of the '' Kyoto Protocol '' and trying to figure out what it should do , Japan found a good excuse .	de
In the midst of this situation , a Japanese official visited the United States and received the instruction that Japan should avoid inordinate behavior with respect to the issue of implementing the '' Kyoto Protocol . ''	de
Japan should be condemned by the world for that .	de
The great leader Comrade Kim Il-song taught : '' For a peaceful and fair settlement on the Palestinian issue and the issue of the Middle East , the Israeli aggressors should withdraw from all Arab land they occupy and the Palestinian people should be fully guaranteed the right to self-determination . ''	de
The great leader Comrade Kim Il-song taught : '' For a peaceful and fair settlement on the Palestinian issue and the issue of the Middle East , the Israeli aggressors should withdraw from all Arab land they occupy and the Palestinian people should be fully guaranteed the right to self-determination . ''	de
Israel and the United States should bear their due responsibility for the daily deteriorating Middle East situation and quit its moves to obstruct a fair Middle East settlement .	de
If the European countries were honest in the withdrawal of their ambassadors from Iran , blaming Iran for violating human rights , then they should recall their ambassadors from the United States .	de
An international tribunal consisting of experts on international law should decide on this issue , not Mr. Bush whose knowledge of international law leaves plenty to be desired .	de
If the United States is truly committed to human rights , it should show it in its treatment of the detainees that it has transported in chain to another side of the globe .	de
The Israeli Government says it should have a free hand to storm the Palestinian areas ; assassinate or arrest Palestinian citizens ; demolish homes , headquarters , and establishments ; uproot thousands of trees ; and besiege cities and villages as it likes .	de
In a public event organized at a posh Caracas hotel earlier Thursday , Soto said 75 percent of Venezuelan officials and troops shared his view that Chavez should resign as president .	de
'' The president must go , he should resign , and before he does so , he should organize elections so that he leaves the country with a democracy , in the hands of a civilian , '' Soto boldly proclaimed at the '' pro-freedom '' forum .	de
'' The president must go , he should resign , and before he does so , he should organize elections so that he leaves the country with a democracy , in the hands of a civilian , '' Soto boldly proclaimed at the '' pro-freedom '' forum .	de
But the Afghan interim government branded Mullah Abdul Wakil Mutawakel , the Taliban foreign minister who surrendered to US forces in Kandahar Friday , as a war criminal who should be put on trial .	de
On Saturday he met representatives of two warlords who clashed violently last week over who should be governor in eastern Paktia province .	de
Karzai has blamed Khan for the fighting and said it was '' one more reason why we should finish warlordism in this country . ''	de
Social Democratic Party : Raise Denmark 's Voice The Social Democratic Party takes the view that the Danish Government should raise its voice against the United States .	de
Even though we support their action , we should criticize this form of treatment of prisoners , '' Socialist People 's Party Chairman Holger K. Nielsen said .	de
As long as no Danes are involved , the Danish People 's Party does not think that Denmark should interfere .	de
He emphasized : '' Now Mexico is positioned between two fronts : it recognizes the need for reducing the supply on the market , but the policy is to support the United States and supply it with more crude if it should become necessary . ''	ep
While Ang-See 's statistics , derived mainly from non-official sources , paint a grim picture , they should not be ignored .	de
Norway should be in the forefront of combating climate problems .	de
The government wants to play an active role internationally but we should also work on reducing emissions here at home .	de
How should we prepare ourselves for more and bigger floods ?	de
The government 's policy statement states , among other things , that the establishment of a national quota system should be speeded up .	de
There is consensus that a broad quota system with international quota exchange should be used to achieve our emission responsibilities during the first obligatory period , 2008-2012 .	de
Some of these are : The range-which gases and sectors should be included in the quota system , and how businesses exposed to competition should be dealt with .	de
Some of these are : The range-which gases and sectors should be included in the quota system , and how businesses exposed to competition should be dealt with .	de
I am pleased that there now seems to be broad political consensus that in Norway as well we should get under way with an early quota system .	de
It should have been on the side of the smaller and weaker nations , rather than targeting them one by one in the pursuit of its global agenda .	de
It should have worked to eliminate injustice , instead of trying to harass other countries for national prejudices .	de
If terrorism is to be fought successfully , the United States should better withdraw its support to the forces of injustice , tyranny and oppression in the world .	de
Instead of talking about '' human rights issues '' of other countries , the United States should find out how things are in its own house where the abuse of human rights is rampant and make effort to rectify the practices .	de
Such a building enjoys the highest possible protection , and can and should never be the object of an attack , unless it is clearly established that it is being used for military purposes .	de
British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said Thursday -LRB- 24 January -RRB- it was '' far preferable '' that British prisoners held at the US Navy base at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba should face justice in Britain .	de
The nation should certainly be concerned about the plans to build a rocket launch pad , work on the infrastructure for which is due to start in 2002 , with launches beginning from 2004 .	de
Therefore , plans to construct a space port should be moved from Christmas Island if Australia is really willing to listen to Indonesia 's objections .	de
Unlike other experts , Priyatna believes that Indonesia should not be too concerned -LRB- about the Australian planned space station -RRB- .	de
'' In principle , my personal opinion is that we should n't go against the current .	de
Rather we should the use the current to our mutual benefit , '' he said .	de
Meaning that rather than challenging and issuing objections to the Australian space project , Indonesia should take advantage of our southern neighbour 's space activities .	de
The kangaroo country should implement risk management procedures before opening the space station on Christmas Island , and open as widely as possible the opportunity of cooperation with other states , and open complete access to cooperation to all states without exception .	de
Australia should adhere to the Cardinal Principle of International Law , which states that all nations in the world must first respect and promote the humanitarian interests and progress of all humankind .	de
Mbeki , Obasanjo and Howard have been mandated by the recent Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting -LRB- CHOGM -RRB- in Australia to decide what action should be taken on the situation in Zimbabwe .	de
'' It was upon the people of Zimbabwe to decide who should lead them and they have done that loudly and clearly . ''	de
The statement said , according to the Preliminary Report of the South African Observer Mission , Zimbabwe 's elections should be considered as legitimate .	de
The Bush administration fears the treaty will have a negative effect on its economy and maintains that developing countries , such as China and India , should also be subject to mandatory emission targets .	de
While mankind has unquestionably become more civilized with respect to '' humanitarian treatment for POWs '' today on the basis of the principles in international law in comparison with ancient times when POWs were slaughtered or enslaved , we should watch out for the possible regression in this regard .	de
British Secretary of Foreign Affairs Straw said : '' All detainees , regardless of their identities , should receive the treatment in line with the humanitarian spirit and the principles of international law . ''	de
What worries the West and some other countries most is that , if the United States refuses to treat these detainees as POWs , then their soldiers may be treated the same way as the Guantanamo prisoners should they be captured by the Taliban remnants and other radical organizations when they take part in the United Nations ' peace-keeping missions .	ep
Housing conditions for POWs should be the same as those of the troops stationing in the Detaining Power in the same area .	de
The exercise should include sports , games and outdoor activities .	de
All the captive camps should have enough room for this purpose .	de
There should be a jury , and they are entitled to appeal .	de
The United States indeed is rejecting the idea that its prisoners , to whom it denies the status of prisoners of war , should receive consular support reserved for prisoners of common law .	de
The important thing is that the firmness that was apparent in Bush 's speech means that the world should take seriously the possibility that the United States might achieve these goals .	de
'' I'm not sure whether I should wait in line or sell to one of the street traders , because they 'll even give me a few cents more , '' said Fabian , a 36-year old attorney .	de
We should continue with our business as usual and we ca n't expect the Commonwealth to say something positive about Zimbabwe when its head is the Queen , '' Dr Chivaura said .	de
'' Action should be taken to ensure that the post-election period is free from the human rights abuses that have marred the run-up to the presidential elections , '' it said .	de
Mbeki is one of three world leaders who has to decide on behalf of the Commonwealth whether punitive action should be taken against Harare .	de
All eyes are now on the Commonwealth troika on whether it will decide that the Mugabe government should be penalised .	de
In terms of the Commonwealth 's mandate , action against Zimbabwe could range from collective disapproval to suspension should it be decided that Mugabe was returned to power undemocratically .	ep
The government had also noted the SA Observer Mission -LRB- SAOM -RRB- report which had found that although the election was not adequately free and fair , it should be considered legitimate , the statement said .	de
Foreign news agencies said Zuma told Zimbabwean state radio on his arrival in Harare on Thursday that '' those discrediting Zimbabwe 's electoral process should listen to what the Africans are saying '' .	de
'' We say they should be presumed to be POWs , and it is not up to the ICRC or to the US military authorities to decide , but up to the courts , '' said Michael Kleiner , an ICRC spokesman .	de
Human rights organizations , however , have raised questions about the prisoners ' housing conditions , which according to the Geneva Convention should be the same standard of those enjoyed by their guards .	de
Emissions of these gases should rise at a slower pace than that of the GDP , he says .	de
The solidity of this argument , though , has increasingly been demolished , by , among others , the Red Cross , which thinks that , until proof -LRB- legally established -RRB- of the contrary , the prisoners should be considered prisoners of war .	de
Even though US officials have stressed that no firm military plans exist for expanding the war on terror launched after the September 11 attacks , they said late Sunday that Iraqi President Saddam Hussein should go .	de
The reason is that South Korea 's industrial structure depends heavily on the export of products including not only durable appliances such as air conditioner but also automobiles all of which should meet intensified environmental standards before they can be shipped overseas under the Protocol .	de
'' The government should provide domestic firms real aid like tax reductions and environmental technology development rather than abstractly recommend domestic firms promote energy efficiency and lower energy consumption , '' an industry source said .	de
For the EU and the Commonwealth , which are due to meet shortly , they should realise that they are running out of meaningful options to influence the course of events in Zimbabwe .	de
Even by the EU 's own submissions just two weeks ago , its international observers - and not pliant ones handpicked by the government to validate a sham - should have been on the ground by now , but the 15-nation bloc is still talking to Harare !	de
We should maintain sharp vigilance on this move .	de
Instead , they should replace it with the symbol of the '' national flat . ''	de
If it is absolutely not feasible , they should use the symbol of the '' plum blossom . ''	de
We should notice that the addition to '' passports '' is not an isolated incident .	de
In fact , the economic difficulties in the island , the political deadlock , and the public 's confidence crisis should be the agenda for the Taiwanese authorities ' top concern .	de
The United States says the CTBT is unacceptable ; that nobody cares about the BWC ; that there should not be a Kyoto Protocol ; that US citizens have the right to own handguns ; that land mines are necessary ; that the SOFA needs no revision , just a change in application ; and then we should attack Iraq together .	de
The United States says the CTBT is unacceptable ; that nobody cares about the BWC ; that there should not be a Kyoto Protocol ; that US citizens have the right to own handguns ; that land mines are necessary ; that the SOFA needs no revision , just a change in application ; and then we should attack Iraq together .	de
Muslims rulers should forge unity in their ranks to resist the ever-increasing US influence ; otherwise , they would be targeted one by one , Hameed Gul concluded .	de
However , Nogami grimly replied , '' If so , Iran should refrain from actions referred to as aid for terrorists .	de
The same source expresses the concern that if Prime Minister Koizumi should retreat from his position in the future , '' Not only will he disappoint the United States , but the US' world strategy could be hobbled and lead to questions concerning the significance of the Japan-US alliance . ''	ep
'' The possibility is strong that the United States will launch an attack on Iraq , '' suggests Takushoku University professor Satoshi Morimoto , who continues , '' In collaborating with the United States , Japan should embrace its own strategies .	de
The Japanese and US governments should restructure the Japan-US alliance via a strategy dialogue , and establish new Japan-US role assignments . ''	de
The answer should be negative .	de
Furthermore , the Russian side has stressed time and time again that the United States ' accusations against Iran , Iraq , and the DPRK should be settled within the UN framework and raised objections to any hostile action against these three countries without authorization from the Security Council .	de
In fact , even the US ally , Britain , and other Western countries have indicated that the antiterrorist military action should be conducted with restraint , for otherwise the danger of losing control will emerge .	de
Foreign department spokesman Victoriano Lecaros said the arrest should serve as '' a warning to terrorists that they will find themselves on inhospitable ground within ASEAN , '' referring to the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations .	de
Finally , the center is connected with the most promising space programs , which envisage the creation of an completely new family of Angara carrier rockets , the first of which should launch from the Russian Plesetsk space center next year .	ep
Given the degree of uncertainty that prevails over the inflation , foreign exchange and interest rates and over the economy 's real Gross Domestic Product -LRB- GDP -RRB- this year , the approach should not be the traditional one , the Finance Minister says .	de
The Bank of Spain Governor did not want to detail what points Argentina should deal with to expand its program .	de
Cde Mugabe told journalists at State House in Harare that the joint ACP/European Union and Commonwealth teams , which have been invited to observe the March 9 and 10 presidential election should not include Britain , which has been accused of interfering in the internal politics of Zimbabwe .	de
'' Through some proper channels , we have been told that there should not be surprises '' during Bush 's visit to China , she said .	de
Clinton said he did not support independence for Taiwan , the policy of '' two Chinas '' or '' one China , one Taiwan '' and agreed that Taiwan should not be a member of any organisation to which statehood is a requirement .	de
'' Through some proper channels , we have been told that there should not be surprises '' during Bush 's visit to China , she said .	de
Clinton said he did not support independence for Taiwan , the policy of '' two Chinas '' or '' one China , one Taiwan '' and agreed that Taiwan should not be a member of any organisation to which statehood is a requirement .	de
Sources said that while Islam countries request that Israel be harshly condemned in the joint declaration for its policy towards Palestine , the EU side thinks that this issue should be mentioned but a more cautious stance should be assumed .	de
Sources said that while Islam countries request that Israel be harshly condemned in the joint declaration for its policy towards Palestine , the EU side thinks that this issue should be mentioned but a more cautious stance should be assumed .	de
Palestinian Foreign Minister Farouk Kaddoumi , who is also attending the forum , called on Monday that Israel should be harshly condemned in the joint declaration to be issued at the end of the forum .	de
Therefore , the political negotiations should be resumed ahead of any effort aimed at achieving a peace acceptable to both sides .	de
Under this plan , the negotiations should focus on a mechanism for Israel 's withdrawal from the occupied territories , ending the settlement activity , finding a just solution to the issue of Palestinian refugees , and allowing time to reorganize the Palestinian house from within with a view to achieving democracy and introducing a multi-party system .	de
The US Government should realize that the Taiwan issue is the most important and most sensitive core issue in Sino-US relations .	de
The US Government should earnestly abide by the three Sino-US joint communiques and relevant commitments , and properly handle the Taiwan issue from a strategic and long-term perspective .	de
They should not condemn us with lies and by deceiving the world , `` he said .	de
Calling on the representatives of the Turkish world who attended the congress , Denktas said that Turkish Cypriots are not minority in the island and representatives should explain this fact in every place which they visit .	de
It should be remembered that after Bush described the Kyoto Protocol as '' fundamentally flawed '' international negotiations on climate protection almost collapsed .	de
It should therefore be implemented as quickly as possible and extended beyond the initial period of 2008-2012 .	de
He had just recently -- and he was the highest-ranking military officer in the Gulf War in 1991 -- held that an attack against Iraq would be inappropriate , and now he is admonishing the Europeans that they should be criticizing not the United States but the dictatorial regime in Baghdad .	de
The '' axis of evil '' is '' not necessarily the expression that the Europeans would use , '' EU Commissioner for External and Security Policy Javier Solana says , but one should not dwell on the choice of words .	de
But it is precisely on this choice of words that we should dwell .	de
Bush , in fact , should not have made such remarks in his State of the Union address .	de
The US authorities should stop these acts and making remarks that smear their own faces .	de
According to the White House , this should make it possible to reduce '' the intensity of greenhouse gas emission generated by the US economy '' by 18 % over the next 10 years , an objective described by the Bush Administration as '' comparable '' to that imposed by the Kyoto Protocol .	ep
The taskforce was also of the view that the international media should be allowed to cover the country 's Presidential election , an issue , which has already been resolved by Government .	de
Noting that President Chen Shui-bian has on many occasions expressed goodwill to mainland China , Tsai said so long as Beijing leaders can carefully mull the significance of Chen 's statements on cross-strait affairs , particularly the '' one China '' issue , there should be opportunities for the two sides to resume talks .	ep
However , Chen said '' one China '' should not be a precondition for talks until such time as Taipei and Beijing have reached a mutually acceptable meaning for the the term through '' wisdom and creativity . ''	de
At most , a few differences in sensitivity emerged over whether or not the issue should remain closed from one to two months or if the discussions with Argentina should continue .	de
At most , a few differences in sensitivity emerged over whether or not the issue should remain closed from one to two months or if the discussions with Argentina should continue .	de
By now , it should be clear to everyone that retaliating against every act of Palestinian resistance with Israel 's superior ability to punish Palestinians does not provide the security that Israelis are demanding .	ep
'' We will continue obviously to keep the situation under review , but frankly , I think we should welcome the fact that their presence has not been needed in Afghanistan .	de
Chien said he appreciated statements made by Bush prior to his departure that Taiwan is a friend of the United States and that the Taiwan Strait issue should be resolved peacefully .	de
Bush 's comments appeared designed to reassure Beijing that Washington has not shifted from its long-standing policy of avoiding making any explicit commitment to come to Taiwan 's defence should China invade .	ep
Beijing has repeatedly threatened to take Taiwan by force should the island declare formal independence .	ep
Taiwan should make an all out effort to augment naval combat strength .	de
Question : How should Taiwan respond to China 's missile threat ?	de
However , no broad social debate has yet been conducted on the crucial question : How much should each sector or target group contribute to achieving the Belgian Kyoto standard ?	de
Hence a broad social debate on who should contribute how much to realizing the Kyoto standards is urgently necessary .	de
Zhu said the U.S. side should stop interfering in China 's internal affairs by interfering in the Taiwan issue .	de
Under the current constitution , the President has no powers to designate a successor , should he decide to retire .	ep
Never again should Zimbabweans go into an election under the current constitution .	de
He noted , '' Brazil should adopt an open posture with relation to Argentina , which is experiencing a tragedy . ''	de
For Jose Agripino Maia , PFL -LRB- Liberal Front Party -RRB- leader in the Senate , although Brazil has detached itself from Argentina , it should not disregard the message of the crises that is devastating the neighboring country .	de
Senator Heloisa Helena -LRB- Workers Party -- Alagoas -RRB- said that Latin American countries should always join together to speak with international economic institutions , in order to maintain autonomy in their economies : '' Now we see what happens when one country abdicates its financial autonomy .	de
'' Of course he would not use the term of ` peaceful reunification ' ... because the American position is that relations between Taiwan and China should be open-ended , '' Chang said .	de
Secondly , a closer examination will take place as to what initiatives should be implemented to avoid and combat social exclusion in our society .	de
Another amendment , regarding a more far-reaching alternative , Amendment No 23 , stipulates that the ECHR , as well these social international standards should be acceded to .	de
But encounters between people from different cultures are not always simple , and they should therefore be helped along , just as refugees should be given support to begin new lives in their new locations .	de
Special attention should also be paid to the European revenue .	de
Human rights should not only be defended when we come here , but they should be defended constantly . I believe we are all united in this fight .	de
We should not always hide our light under a bushel , and we should not always talk just about American broadcasters .	de
Nobody should have to tolerate competitors on their infrastructure that refuse or are unable to grant the same access at home .	de
We should be legally entitled to obtain documents when they are no longer within the confines of the Commission .	de
Mr President , just nine months - or perhaps I should say already nine months - have passed since the Helsinki resolution granting Turkey candidate status .	de
At the same time , we should :	de
That is something we can do ourselves , and we should not just lay the blame on others in the process .	de
No consumer should be put to great expense as a result of misrepresentation and no consumer should feel obliged to buy good health .	de
No consumer should be put to great expense as a result of misrepresentation and no consumer should feel obliged to buy good health .	de
With regard to the prevention of this and other diseases we should consider the repercussions of the quest for competitiveness , resulting from a reduction in aid from the CAP .	de
That country should not have to repay its debts .	de
To answer the question from the honourable Member of the TDI Group , however , it really is a shame that he can imagine that equality between the sexes should not be subject to legislation .	de
There should be more scope for free discussion and bilateral meetings .	de
With regard to these drafts , I think that three different courses of action should be taken .	de
Secondly , in my opinion , the monitoring procedures concerning the end user of the exported arms should be stepped up .	de
This is a non-technological item , so the socialists should not be frightened of it .	de
Let us turn directly to the main question which is niggling a number of my fellow Members who oppose this directive and that is should we legislate ?	de
The French Government has decided that Air France should not operate any direct flights between Amsterdam and Strasbourg , so to get here is a disaster on its own .	de
We should ensure that we have better and more reliable methods of implementing the international environmental and social agreements .	de
However , we should remain mindful of the fact that a qualitatively sound network should continue to exist .	de
The European Union should have adequate resources for being able at any time to carry out the tasks consequent upon our position in the international community .	de
We should move towards UN summits that address specific goals , the prime example being Kyoto .	de
should we toughen and change transport legislation ?	de
We must not forget that there is still a culture of men who think that women should not be educated .	de
In addition , the relevant regulations should be amended so that aid for setting up and developing enterprises can be forthcoming .	de
We should therefore not do away with the quota system , but quotas should be realistic .	de
Instead of setting new bold targets , the heads of state and government should get on with the job of closing the existing ' delivery gap ' between their words and their actions .	de
Lisbon said that we should have a microeconomic structural adjustment programme .	de
Instead of making fools of ourselves , we should learn from EU countries that have succeeded in staying out of wars for 200 years .	de
We should have strict or objective liability for forms of environmental destruction resulting from commercial activity .	de
The UN should have its own rapid reaction force , and the EU 's rapid reaction force should be made available to the UN .	de
We should be able to do more and I hope we will be able to do so .	de
There should be further analysis of the economic and ecological disaster that has not only occurred but continues to occur for the people of Galicia and other areas .	de
Hence this oral amendment , which I think should combine various proposals better .	de
Today you ask us to trust you ; my reply to you is that you , rather , should trust Parliament and its judgments .	de
If cuts need to be made in the Commission s indicative budget \u2019 , savings should be found from the international relations area , the largest budget area .	de
It is also important that this system should operate effectively , thus becoming a useful tool in preventing and fighting against crime , particularly that of a sexual nature .	de
The markets should be subject to regulation and surveillance , most importantly for the financial sector , which , uncontrolled , has opened the way for an escalation of unprecedented indebtedness .	de
We have failed in delivering 2010 biodiversity targets and we are responsible for that and we should do better .	de
This should be simplified and more integrated .	de
My group believes that potato starch production is of enormous economic importance in certain areas of Europe , which is why it is absolutely vital that the balancing premium should be maintained .	de
Why should they give a fuck ? I don not even need a gun in a Federal bank .	de
- Vin , you should cancel .	de
- Maybe you should take a Xanax .	de
- Maybe you should have .	de
- I should have ?	de
- Maybe you should have .	de
You should quit being a cleaning lady .	de
There 's no reason why you should wait up for Tina .	de
A man should have hobbies to cheer his private life	de
A man should have hobbies to cheer his private life	de
I think maybe we should take this one step at a time , honey .	de
No , we should play a five , three , two	de
I don not think you should , right now .	de
No . - I should go home .	de
You should go to Leningrad , see your brother .	de
You never should have been on the scene with his kid . About how you put him through a window .	de
I should get going .	de
Or should I say 20 million ?	de
- You should drink vodka .	de
I think you should read it .	de
OK , I think we should duck .	de
But I don not think you should be moving yet .	de
We should stay put .	de
It 's something I should tell him myself .	de
Dude , maybe you should stay on the steps .	de
Uh , perhaps you should sit down , Mr. Garrison , m 'kay !	de
Or maybe ... maybe I should just drive down there and we can discuss this in person .	de
They should have been in diamonds .	de
They should have been in diamonds .	de
She should have arrangements , you know what I mean ?	de
She should have arrangements , you know what I mean ?	de
- You 're the one who should know .	de
Or maybe ... maybe I should just drive down there and we can discuss this in person .	de
should I go get medicine ?	de
should i go get medicine ?	de
Well , perhaps I should , but , well , it 's getting kinda late now , and ...	de
Then You should guard it .	de
Or , should we say , strategically placed .	de
Or , should we say , strategically placed .	de
If you ask me , she should have brought home a man .	de
Maybe I should have said shoot where you 're looking .	de
Perfectly , but Lolita should have a husband .	de
In that case , I think I should be elsewhere .	de
Maybe you should be the cop .	de
Maybe I should walk you to your car .	de
I think we should wait for the aunts .	de
- Why should we have those things here ?	de
You really should go .	de
Maybe you should get a haircut .	de
We should buy a sieve , captain , to do without spices .	de
They should find a welder .	de
It should take you exactly four seconds to cross from here to that door .	de
Why should he know ... that his father is hiding ... like a scoundrel , or a murderer ?	de
You should go home now .	de
You should go home now .	de
He reaIly should have . . . . . . because it reaIly would have saved me a Iot of aggravation .	de
He really should have ... ... because it really would have saved me a lot of aggravation .	de
- Maybe you should lie down .	de
We should leave quickly .	de
- I think I should stay , don not you ?	de
- I should have been with you .	de
- Of course . - Oh , Jacques , I don not think you should .	de
- I should go .	de
Instead of arguing with each other ... maybe we should be trying to find a way out of this place .	de
We should grab a taxi before they take off .	de
Since he gave us this check for $1, 000 made out to cash I thought he should have this receipt .	de
This is Mr Cadwalader 's idea of what a well- equipped camper should have .	de
But a wave this size , building this big , brain as clever as mine , should take . . . three days ?	de
Um , incidentally , Len , I think I should tell you ahead of time I- I get 200 dollars .	de
should we get a stretcher ?	de
should we get a stretcher ?	de
should we get a stretcher ?	de
should we get a stretcher ?	de
Perhaps you should tell already why you have come ?	de
- I think you should wait .	de
- He should have a doctor .	de
- He should have a doctor .	de
You can wait till you 're 40 . Women should have children when they 're young .	de
I think we should go	de
I know , but when I heard that woman say she knew everything , I thought I should come over here and tell you about it .	de
I know , but when I heard that woman say she knew everything , I thought I should come over here and tell you about it .	de
I know , but when I heard that woman say she knew everything , I thought I should come over here and tell you about it .	de
I know , but when I heard that woman say she knew everything , I thought I should come over here and tell you about it .	de
I know , but when I heard that woman say she knew everything , I thought I should come over here and teII you about it .	de
I should just quit .	de
I didn not want to tell you , but you should know , for your own good . You love Gilles , but are you sure he loves you ?	de
Which one should I wear ?	de
We should take the stairs .	de
Maybe we should just stay here .	de
We should take the stairs .	de
Maybe we should just stay here .	de
You should have stuck to soda pop .	de
Oh , honey , you know , you should not be here .	de
You should get some rest .	de
So I think you should turn around , go back and be a lawyer or something .	de
Maybe I should wait till morning .	de
you 're home late ... or should I say early ?	de
There should be a psychiatrist present , anyway .	de
Or should I say , me .	de
That 's why you should run .	de
That 's why you should run .	de
You should really think hard about getting professional help .	de
We should have more guards .	de
We should have more guards .	de
- The last place I should .	de
In this case , the two conflicts should have enabled some people to take back or gain power that they could not win through the ballot box .	ep
In this case , the two conflicts should have enabled some people to take back or gain power that they could not win through the ballot box .	ep
In this case , the two conflicts should have enabled some people to take back or gain power that they could not win through the ballot box .	ep
In this case , the two conflicts should have enabled some people to take back or gain power that they could not win through the ballot box .	ep
In this case , the two conflicts should have enabled some people to take back or gain power that they could not win through the ballot box .	ep
In this case , the two conflicts should have enabled some people to take back or gain power that they could not win through the ballot box .	ep
In this case , the two conflicts should have enabled some people to take back or gain power that they could not win through the ballot box .	ep
In this case , the two conflicts should have enabled some people to take back or gain power that they could not win through the ballot box .	ep
In this case , the two conflicts should have enabled some people to take back or gain power that they could not win through the ballot box .	ep
In this case , the two conflicts should have enabled some people to take back or gain power that they could not win through the ballot box .	ep
In this case , the two conflicts should have enabled some people to take back or gain power that they could not win through the ballot box .	ep
In this case , the two conflicts should have enabled some people to take back or gain power that they could not win through the ballot box .	ep
In this case , the two conflicts should have enabled some people to take back or gain power that they could not win through the ballot box .	ep
In this case , the two conflicts should have enabled some people to take back or gain power that they could not win through the ballot box .	ep
In this case , the two conflicts should have enabled some people to take back or gain power that they could not win through the ballot box .	ep
In this case , the two conflicts should have enabled some people to take back or gain power that they could not win through the ballot box .	ep
In this case , the two conflicts should have enabled some people to take back or gain power that they could not win through the ballot box .	ep
In this case , the two conflicts should have enabled some people to take back or gain power that they could not win through the ballot box .	ep
Now , it seems to me that the European Public Prosecutor 's Office will certainly have to cooperate with the European Court of Justice and that it should also have close contacts with the European Court of Auditors .	ep
Now , it seems to me that the European Public Prosecutor 's Office will certainly have to cooperate with the European Court of Justice and that it should also have close contacts with the European Court of Auditors .	ep
Now , it seems to me that the European Public Prosecutor 's Office will certainly have to cooperate with the European Court of Justice and that it should also have close contacts with the European Court of Auditors .	ep
Now , it seems to me that the European Public Prosecutor 's Office will certainly have to cooperate with the European Court of Justice and that it should also have close contacts with the European Court of Auditors .	ep
Now , it seems to me that the European Public Prosecutor 's Office will certainly have to cooperate with the European Court of Justice and that it should also have close contacts with the European Court of Auditors .	ep
Now , it seems to me that the European Public Prosecutor 's Office will certainly have to cooperate with the European Court of Justice and that it should also have close contacts with the European Court of Auditors .	ep
Now , it seems to me that the European Public Prosecutor 's Office will certainly have to cooperate with the European Court of Justice and that it should also have close contacts with the European Court of Auditors .	ep
Now , it seems to me that the European Public Prosecutor 's Office will certainly have to cooperate with the European Court of Justice and that it should also have close contacts with the European Court of Auditors .	ep
Now , it seems to me that the European Public Prosecutor 's Office will certainly have to cooperate with the European Court of Justice and that it should also have close contacts with the European Court of Auditors .	ep
Now , it seems to me that the European Public Prosecutor 's Office will certainly have to cooperate with the European Court of Justice and that it should also have close contacts with the European Court of Auditors .	ep
Now , it seems to me that the European Public Prosecutor 's Office will certainly have to cooperate with the European Court of Justice and that it should also have close contacts with the European Court of Auditors .	ep
Now , it seems to me that the European Public Prosecutor 's Office will certainly have to cooperate with the European Court of Justice and that it should also have close contacts with the European Court of Auditors .	ep
Now , it seems to me that the European Public Prosecutor 's Office will certainly have to cooperate with the European Court of Justice and that it should also have close contacts with the European Court of Auditors .	ep
Now , it seems to me that the European Public Prosecutor 's Office will certainly have to cooperate with the European Court of Justice and that it should also have close contacts with the European Court of Auditors .	ep
Now , it seems to me that the European Public Prosecutor 's Office will certainly have to cooperate with the European Court of Justice and that it should also have close contacts with the European Court of Auditors .	ep
Now , it seems to me that the European Public Prosecutor 's Office will certainly have to cooperate with the European Court of Justice and that it should also have close contacts with the European Court of Auditors .	ep
Now , it seems to me that the European Public Prosecutor 's Office will certainly have to cooperate with the European Court of Justice and that it should also have close contacts with the European Court of Auditors .	ep
Now , it seems to me that the European Public Prosecutor 's Office will certainly have to cooperate with the European Court of Justice and that it should also have close contacts with the European Court of Auditors .	ep
The British model , in relation to this , should be a subject for our consideration and we should probably take our inspiration from it .	ep
The British model , in relation to this , should be a subject for our consideration and we should probably take our inspiration from it .	ep
The British model , in relation to this , should be a subject for our consideration and we should probably take our inspiration from it .	ep
The British model , in relation to this , should be a subject for our consideration and we should probably take our inspiration from it .	ep
The British model , in relation to this , should be a subject for our consideration and we should probably take our inspiration from it .	ep
The British model , in relation to this , should be a subject for our consideration and we should probably take our inspiration from it .	ep
The British model , in relation to this , should be a subject for our consideration and we should probably take our inspiration from it .	ep
The British model , in relation to this , should be a subject for our consideration and we should probably take our inspiration from it .	ep
The British model , in relation to this , should be a subject for our consideration and we should probably take our inspiration from it .	ep
The British model , in relation to this , should be a subject for our consideration and we should probably take our inspiration from it .	ep
The British model , in relation to this , should be a subject for our consideration and we should probably take our inspiration from it .	ep
The British model , in relation to this , should be a subject for our consideration and we should probably take our inspiration from it .	ep
The British model , in relation to this , should be a subject for our consideration and we should probably take our inspiration from it .	ep
The British model , in relation to this , should be a subject for our consideration and we should probably take our inspiration from it .	ep
The British model , in relation to this , should be a subject for our consideration and we should probably take our inspiration from it .	ep
The British model , in relation to this , should be a subject for our consideration and we should probably take our inspiration from it .	ep
The British model , in relation to this , should be a subject for our consideration and we should probably take our inspiration from it .	ep
The British model , in relation to this , should be a subject for our consideration and we should probably take our inspiration from it .	ep
Anyway ... Like I said , you two are similar in many ways , so you should have a lot in common .	ep
Anyway ... Like I said , you two are similar in many ways , so you should have a lot in common .	ep
Anyway ... Like I said , you two are similar in many ways , so you should have a lot in common .	ep
Anyway ... Like I said , you two are similar in many ways , so you should have a lot in common .	ep
Anyway ... Like I said , you two are similar in many ways , so you should have a lot in common .	ep
Anyway ... Like I said , you two are similar in many ways , so you should have a lot in common .	ep
Anyway ... Like I said , you two are similar in many ways , so you should have a lot in common .	ep
Anyway ... Like I said , you two are similar in many ways , so you should have a lot in common .	ep
Anyway ... Like I said , you two are similar in many ways , so you should have a lot in common .	ep
Anyway ... Like I said , you two are similar in many ways , so you should have a lot in common .	ep
Anyway ... Like I said , you two are similar in many ways , so you should have a lot in common .	ep
Anyway ... Like I said , you two are similar in many ways , so you should have a lot in common .	ep
Anyway ... Like I said , you two are similar in many ways , so you should have a lot in common .	ep
Anyway ... Like I said , you two are similar in many ways , so you should have a lot in common .	ep
Anyway ... Like I said , you two are similar in many ways , so you should have a lot in common .	ep
Anyway ... Like I said , you two are similar in many ways , so you should have a lot in common .	ep
Anyway ... Like I said , you two are similar in many ways , so you should have a lot in common .	ep
Anyway ... Like I said , you two are similar in many ways , so you should have a lot in common .	ep
Colonel , you of all people should realise what an advantage this could be .	ep
Colonel , you of all people should realise what an advantage this could be .	ep
Colonel , you of all people should realise what an advantage this could be .	ep
Colonel , you of all people should realise what an advantage this could be .	ep
Colonel , you of all people should realise what an advantage this could be .	ep
Colonel , you of all people should realise what an advantage this could be .	ep
Colonel , you of all people should realise what an advantage this could be .	ep
Colonel , you of all people should realise what an advantage this could be .	ep
Colonel , you of all people should realise what an advantage this could be .	ep
Colonel , you of all people should realise what an advantage this could be .	ep
Colonel , you of all people should realise what an advantage this could be .	ep
Colonel , you of all people should realise what an advantage this could be .	ep
Colonel , you of all people should realise what an advantage this could be .	ep
Colonel , you of all people should realise what an advantage this could be .	ep
Colonel , you of all people should realise what an advantage this could be .	ep
Colonel , you of all people should realise what an advantage this could be .	ep
Colonel , you of all people should realise what an advantage this could be .	ep
Colonel , you of all people should realise what an advantage this could be .	ep
We should be able to find another way to access the information .	ep
We should be able to find another way to access the information .	ep
We should be able to find another way to access the information .	ep
We should be able to find another way to access the information .	ep
We should be able to find another way to access the information .	ep
We should be able to find another way to access the information .	ep
We should be able to find another way to access the information .	ep
We should be able to find another way to access the information .	ep
We should be able to find another way to access the information .	ep
We should be able to find another way to access the information .	ep
We should be able to find another way to access the information .	ep
We should be able to find another way to access the information .	ep
We should be able to find another way to access the information .	ep
We should be able to find another way to access the information .	ep
We should be able to find another way to access the information .	ep
We should be able to find another way to access the information .	ep
We should be able to find another way to access the information .	ep
We should be able to find another way to access the information .	ep
You should like these .	ep
You should like these .	ep
You should like these .	ep
You should like these .	ep
You should like these .	ep
You should like these .	ep
You should like these .	ep
You should like these .	ep
You should like these .	ep
You should like these .	ep
You should like these .	ep
You should like these .	ep
You should like these .	ep
You should like these .	ep
You should like these .	ep
You should like these .	ep
You should like these .	ep
You should like these .	ep
- You should find something there .	ep
- You should find something there .	ep
- You should find something there .	ep
- You should find something there .	ep
- You should find something there .	ep
- You should find something there .	ep
- You should find something there .	ep
- You should find something there .	ep
- You should find something there .	ep
- You should find something there .	ep
- You should find something there .	ep
- You should find something there .	ep
- You should find something there .	ep
- You should find something there .	ep
- You should find something there .	ep
- You should find something there .	ep
- You should find something there .	ep
- You should find something there .	ep
In this case , the two conflicts should have enabled some people to take back or gain power that they could not win through the ballot box .	ep
Now , it seems to me that the European Public Prosecutor 's Office will certainly have to cooperate with the European Court of Justice and that it should also have close contacts with the European Court of Auditors .	ep
The British model , in relation to this , should be a subject for our consideration and we should probably take our inspiration from it .	ep
Anyway ... Like I said , you two are similar in many ways , so you should have a lot in common .	ep
Colonel , you of all people should realise what an advantage this could be .	ep
We should be able to find another way to access the information .	ep
