When reproducing our materials in whole or in part , reference to Pravda.RU should be made .	de
When reproducing our materials in whole or in part , reference to Pravda.RU should be made .	de
Chavez supporters say that no witch-hunting will follow and the opposition should not be afraid of persecution .	de
When reproducing our materials in whole or in part , reference to Pravda.RU should be made .	de
When reproducing our materials in whole or in part , reference to Pravda.RU should be made .	de
He said all parties concerned should work for resuming peace negotiations as soon as possible , based on the United Nations resolutions on the Middle East issues , the principle of land for peace and commitment to agreements and notes of understandings which have been reached .	de
The editor of the Arabic newspaper believes that one should do everything possible to put an end to Bush 's imprudence , otherwise the war that he is going to have will overshadow the World Wars .	de
When reproducing our materials in whole or in part , reference to Pravda.RU should be made .	de
When reproducing our materials in whole or in part , reference to Pravda.RU should be made .	de
When reproducing our materials in whole or in part , reference to Pravda.RU should be made .	de
As China 's experts believe , there should be at least four test unmanned flights performed before they can launch a man into space .	de
When reproducing our materials in whole or in part , reference to Pravda.RU should be made .	de
On 26 November , a Progress M1-7 transport spaceship should be launched from Baykonur to the International Space Station .	ep
Instead of resorting to such measures , the commissioner said the NGOs should work with Suhakam for the advancement of human rights in this country .	de
The US national security adviser should have called for ending the occupation and dismantling the settlements .	de
The second fact is that if Washington is interested in democratic reforms in order to combat terrorism as it says it is , it should pressure the Israeli leadership to end its occupation of the Palestinian territories and stop its repressive practices against the Palestinian people .	de
The calls from Washington and London for the just and legitimate realisation of Palestinian statehood as part of such a settlement , should be viewed by the Israeli leadership as a guarantee of Israel 's peace and security , but continued violence and aggression , as history has shown time and again , is a recipe for disaster .	de
Foreign Minister Syed Hamid Albar was quoted by Bernama news agency as saying the detainees should be treated as prisoners of war according to international law .	de
It must decide on rules and procedures for the convening of the Loya Jirga , as well as when and where it should meet , and for how long .	de
Malaysia felt that the Taliban and Al-Qaeda soliders should be treated under provisions of the Geneva Convention .	de
From this group , 49 percent believe that a hypothetical replacement of the chief of state should take place through the institutional channels , whereas 5 percent agree with using forceful means .	de
In the document serious criticism was made on the expanding military presence by the United States at the international level and it was demanded that the United States should stop the policy of dominating the world .	de
Therefore , China is justified in demanding that the United States , by creating conflicts and by embarking upon the policy of oppression and supremacy should stop interfering in the affairs of other countries in the name of human rights .	de
This report -LRB- above-mentioned document by China -RRB- should be an eye opener for the whole world and the United States should be viewed in its true perspective .	de
This report -LRB- above-mentioned document by China -RRB- should be an eye opener for the whole world and the United States should be viewed in its true perspective .	de
Pakistan should draw its own conclusions in the light of its own circumstances , from this report issued by China .	de
Instead of blindly accepting every demand made by the United States and responding positively to every American phone call , Pakistan should take every single step carefully .	de
In its 9 February editorial entitled '' the World of Good and Evil , '' the influential newspaper Financial Times of the United Kingdom stressed that the United States should listen to the friendly countries ' criticism of Bush 's remarks calling the DPRK , Iran , and Iraq an axis of evil .	de
As for the criticisms of the destinations of the presidential trips , she remarked : '' In addition to the fact that we do not have to ask anyone for permission to decide where and when we should visit a country , the President has visited countries with which we have direct trade relations , countries that are OPEC members , with the specific objective of strengthening our economy . ''	de
He stressed that these journalists should be tried since , according to Article 122 of the Penal Code , any action that instigates interventionist actions is considered treason against the homeland .	de
It should at least take up its own citizens ' plight with the Karzai administration .	de
Despite the powerful compulsions it is apparently labouring under , Islamabad should at least seek details of the Pakistanis being held at Guantanamo Bay , so that their cases can be taken up with Washington later .	de
He should acknowledge these debts and make the effort to learn to live in a democracy , respecting others ' rights .	de
Yet , the least that Mr. Bush should have done is to prove his accusations of a collusive nexus among Iran and Iraq , two Islamic countries , and North Korea , arguably a reclusive ` Stalinist ' state , besides their alleged '' terrorist '' accomplices .	de
The great leader -LRB- yongdoja -RRB- Comrade Kim Chong-il has pointed out the following : '' We should conduct proper research work to protect the environment , such as the air and water , in order to maintain people 's health and provide them with more hygienic and civilized living conditions . ''	de
In the course of calculating the gains and losses of the '' Kyoto Protocol '' and trying to figure out what it should do , Japan found a good excuse .	de
In the midst of this situation , a Japanese official visited the United States and received the instruction that Japan should avoid inordinate behavior with respect to the issue of implementing the '' Kyoto Protocol . ''	de
Japan should be condemned by the world for that .	de
The great leader Comrade Kim Il-song taught : '' For a peaceful and fair settlement on the Palestinian issue and the issue of the Middle East , the Israeli aggressors should withdraw from all Arab land they occupy and the Palestinian people should be fully guaranteed the right to self-determination . ''	de
The great leader Comrade Kim Il-song taught : '' For a peaceful and fair settlement on the Palestinian issue and the issue of the Middle East , the Israeli aggressors should withdraw from all Arab land they occupy and the Palestinian people should be fully guaranteed the right to self-determination . ''	de
Israel and the United States should bear their due responsibility for the daily deteriorating Middle East situation and quit its moves to obstruct a fair Middle East settlement .	de
If the European countries were honest in the withdrawal of their ambassadors from Iran , blaming Iran for violating human rights , then they should recall their ambassadors from the United States .	de
An international tribunal consisting of experts on international law should decide on this issue , not Mr. Bush whose knowledge of international law leaves plenty to be desired .	de
If the United States is truly committed to human rights , it should show it in its treatment of the detainees that it has transported in chain to another side of the globe .	de
The Israeli Government says it should have a free hand to storm the Palestinian areas ; assassinate or arrest Palestinian citizens ; demolish homes , headquarters , and establishments ; uproot thousands of trees ; and besiege cities and villages as it likes .	de
In a public event organized at a posh Caracas hotel earlier Thursday , Soto said 75 percent of Venezuelan officials and troops shared his view that Chavez should resign as president .	de
'' The president must go , he should resign , and before he does so , he should organize elections so that he leaves the country with a democracy , in the hands of a civilian , '' Soto boldly proclaimed at the '' pro-freedom '' forum .	de
'' The president must go , he should resign , and before he does so , he should organize elections so that he leaves the country with a democracy , in the hands of a civilian , '' Soto boldly proclaimed at the '' pro-freedom '' forum .	de
But the Afghan interim government branded Mullah Abdul Wakil Mutawakel , the Taliban foreign minister who surrendered to US forces in Kandahar Friday , as a war criminal who should be put on trial .	de
On Saturday he met representatives of two warlords who clashed violently last week over who should be governor in eastern Paktia province .	de
Karzai has blamed Khan for the fighting and said it was '' one more reason why we should finish warlordism in this country . ''	de
Social Democratic Party : Raise Denmark 's Voice The Social Democratic Party takes the view that the Danish Government should raise its voice against the United States .	de
Even though we support their action , we should criticize this form of treatment of prisoners , '' Socialist People 's Party Chairman Holger K. Nielsen said .	de
As long as no Danes are involved , the Danish People 's Party does not think that Denmark should interfere .	de
He emphasized : '' Now Mexico is positioned between two fronts : it recognizes the need for reducing the supply on the market , but the policy is to support the United States and supply it with more crude if it should become necessary . ''	ep
While Ang-See 's statistics , derived mainly from non-official sources , paint a grim picture , they should not be ignored .	de
Norway should be in the forefront of combating climate problems .	de
The government wants to play an active role internationally but we should also work on reducing emissions here at home .	de
How should we prepare ourselves for more and bigger floods ?	de
The government 's policy statement states , among other things , that the establishment of a national quota system should be speeded up .	de
There is consensus that a broad quota system with international quota exchange should be used to achieve our emission responsibilities during the first obligatory period , 2008-2012 .	de
Some of these are : The range-which gases and sectors should be included in the quota system , and how businesses exposed to competition should be dealt with .	de
Some of these are : The range-which gases and sectors should be included in the quota system , and how businesses exposed to competition should be dealt with .	de
I am pleased that there now seems to be broad political consensus that in Norway as well we should get under way with an early quota system .	de
It should have been on the side of the smaller and weaker nations , rather than targeting them one by one in the pursuit of its global agenda .	de
It should have worked to eliminate injustice , instead of trying to harass other countries for national prejudices .	de
If terrorism is to be fought successfully , the United States should better withdraw its support to the forces of injustice , tyranny and oppression in the world .	de
Instead of talking about '' human rights issues '' of other countries , the United States should find out how things are in its own house where the abuse of human rights is rampant and make effort to rectify the practices .	de
Such a building enjoys the highest possible protection , and can and should never be the object of an attack , unless it is clearly established that it is being used for military purposes .	de
British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said Thursday -LRB- 24 January -RRB- it was '' far preferable '' that British prisoners held at the US Navy base at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba should face justice in Britain .	de
The nation should certainly be concerned about the plans to build a rocket launch pad , work on the infrastructure for which is due to start in 2002 , with launches beginning from 2004 .	de
Therefore , plans to construct a space port should be moved from Christmas Island if Australia is really willing to listen to Indonesia 's objections .	de
Unlike other experts , Priyatna believes that Indonesia should not be too concerned -LRB- about the Australian planned space station -RRB- .	de
'' In principle , my personal opinion is that we should n't go against the current .	de
Rather we should the use the current to our mutual benefit , '' he said .	de
Meaning that rather than challenging and issuing objections to the Australian space project , Indonesia should take advantage of our southern neighbour 's space activities .	de
The kangaroo country should implement risk management procedures before opening the space station on Christmas Island , and open as widely as possible the opportunity of cooperation with other states , and open complete access to cooperation to all states without exception .	de
Australia should adhere to the Cardinal Principle of International Law , which states that all nations in the world must first respect and promote the humanitarian interests and progress of all humankind .	de
Mbeki , Obasanjo and Howard have been mandated by the recent Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting -LRB- CHOGM -RRB- in Australia to decide what action should be taken on the situation in Zimbabwe .	de
'' It was upon the people of Zimbabwe to decide who should lead them and they have done that loudly and clearly . ''	de
The statement said , according to the Preliminary Report of the South African Observer Mission , Zimbabwe 's elections should be considered as legitimate .	de
The Bush administration fears the treaty will have a negative effect on its economy and maintains that developing countries , such as China and India , should also be subject to mandatory emission targets .	de
While mankind has unquestionably become more civilized with respect to '' humanitarian treatment for POWs '' today on the basis of the principles in international law in comparison with ancient times when POWs were slaughtered or enslaved , we should watch out for the possible regression in this regard .	de
British Secretary of Foreign Affairs Straw said : '' All detainees , regardless of their identities , should receive the treatment in line with the humanitarian spirit and the principles of international law . ''	de
What worries the West and some other countries most is that , if the United States refuses to treat these detainees as POWs , then their soldiers may be treated the same way as the Guantanamo prisoners should they be captured by the Taliban remnants and other radical organizations when they take part in the United Nations ' peace-keeping missions .	ep
Housing conditions for POWs should be the same as those of the troops stationing in the Detaining Power in the same area .	de
The exercise should include sports , games and outdoor activities .	de
All the captive camps should have enough room for this purpose .	de
There should be a jury , and they are entitled to appeal .	de
The United States indeed is rejecting the idea that its prisoners , to whom it denies the status of prisoners of war , should receive consular support reserved for prisoners of common law .	de
The important thing is that the firmness that was apparent in Bush 's speech means that the world should take seriously the possibility that the United States might achieve these goals .	de
'' I'm not sure whether I should wait in line or sell to one of the street traders , because they 'll even give me a few cents more , '' said Fabian , a 36-year old attorney .	de
We should continue with our business as usual and we ca n't expect the Commonwealth to say something positive about Zimbabwe when its head is the Queen , '' Dr Chivaura said .	de
'' Action should be taken to ensure that the post-election period is free from the human rights abuses that have marred the run-up to the presidential elections , '' it said .	de
Mbeki is one of three world leaders who has to decide on behalf of the Commonwealth whether punitive action should be taken against Harare .	de
All eyes are now on the Commonwealth troika on whether it will decide that the Mugabe government should be penalised .	de
In terms of the Commonwealth 's mandate , action against Zimbabwe could range from collective disapproval to suspension should it be decided that Mugabe was returned to power undemocratically .	ep
The government had also noted the SA Observer Mission -LRB- SAOM -RRB- report which had found that although the election was not adequately free and fair , it should be considered legitimate , the statement said .	de
Foreign news agencies said Zuma told Zimbabwean state radio on his arrival in Harare on Thursday that '' those discrediting Zimbabwe 's electoral process should listen to what the Africans are saying '' .	de
'' We say they should be presumed to be POWs , and it is not up to the ICRC or to the US military authorities to decide , but up to the courts , '' said Michael Kleiner , an ICRC spokesman .	de
Human rights organizations , however , have raised questions about the prisoners ' housing conditions , which according to the Geneva Convention should be the same standard of those enjoyed by their guards .	de
Emissions of these gases should rise at a slower pace than that of the GDP , he says .	de
The solidity of this argument , though , has increasingly been demolished , by , among others , the Red Cross , which thinks that , until proof -LRB- legally established -RRB- of the contrary , the prisoners should be considered prisoners of war .	de
Even though US officials have stressed that no firm military plans exist for expanding the war on terror launched after the September 11 attacks , they said late Sunday that Iraqi President Saddam Hussein should go .	de
The reason is that South Korea 's industrial structure depends heavily on the export of products including not only durable appliances such as air conditioner but also automobiles all of which should meet intensified environmental standards before they can be shipped overseas under the Protocol .	de
'' The government should provide domestic firms real aid like tax reductions and environmental technology development rather than abstractly recommend domestic firms promote energy efficiency and lower energy consumption , '' an industry source said .	de
For the EU and the Commonwealth , which are due to meet shortly , they should realise that they are running out of meaningful options to influence the course of events in Zimbabwe .	de
Even by the EU 's own submissions just two weeks ago , its international observers - and not pliant ones handpicked by the government to validate a sham - should have been on the ground by now , but the 15-nation bloc is still talking to Harare !	de
We should maintain sharp vigilance on this move .	de
Instead , they should replace it with the symbol of the '' national flat . ''	de
If it is absolutely not feasible , they should use the symbol of the '' plum blossom . ''	de
We should notice that the addition to '' passports '' is not an isolated incident .	de
In fact , the economic difficulties in the island , the political deadlock , and the public 's confidence crisis should be the agenda for the Taiwanese authorities ' top concern .	de
The United States says the CTBT is unacceptable ; that nobody cares about the BWC ; that there should not be a Kyoto Protocol ; that US citizens have the right to own handguns ; that land mines are necessary ; that the SOFA needs no revision , just a change in application ; and then we should attack Iraq together .	de
The United States says the CTBT is unacceptable ; that nobody cares about the BWC ; that there should not be a Kyoto Protocol ; that US citizens have the right to own handguns ; that land mines are necessary ; that the SOFA needs no revision , just a change in application ; and then we should attack Iraq together .	de
Muslims rulers should forge unity in their ranks to resist the ever-increasing US influence ; otherwise , they would be targeted one by one , Hameed Gul concluded .	de
However , Nogami grimly replied , '' If so , Iran should refrain from actions referred to as aid for terrorists .	de
The same source expresses the concern that if Prime Minister Koizumi should retreat from his position in the future , '' Not only will he disappoint the United States , but the US' world strategy could be hobbled and lead to questions concerning the significance of the Japan-US alliance . ''	ep
'' The possibility is strong that the United States will launch an attack on Iraq , '' suggests Takushoku University professor Satoshi Morimoto , who continues , '' In collaborating with the United States , Japan should embrace its own strategies .	de
The Japanese and US governments should restructure the Japan-US alliance via a strategy dialogue , and establish new Japan-US role assignments . ''	de
The answer should be negative .	de
Furthermore , the Russian side has stressed time and time again that the United States ' accusations against Iran , Iraq , and the DPRK should be settled within the UN framework and raised objections to any hostile action against these three countries without authorization from the Security Council .	de
In fact , even the US ally , Britain , and other Western countries have indicated that the antiterrorist military action should be conducted with restraint , for otherwise the danger of losing control will emerge .	de
Foreign department spokesman Victoriano Lecaros said the arrest should serve as '' a warning to terrorists that they will find themselves on inhospitable ground within ASEAN , '' referring to the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations .	de
Finally , the center is connected with the most promising space programs , which envisage the creation of an completely new family of Angara carrier rockets , the first of which should launch from the Russian Plesetsk space center next year .	ep
Given the degree of uncertainty that prevails over the inflation , foreign exchange and interest rates and over the economy 's real Gross Domestic Product -LRB- GDP -RRB- this year , the approach should not be the traditional one , the Finance Minister says .	de
The Bank of Spain Governor did not want to detail what points Argentina should deal with to expand its program .	de
Cde Mugabe told journalists at State House in Harare that the joint ACP/European Union and Commonwealth teams , which have been invited to observe the March 9 and 10 presidential election should not include Britain , which has been accused of interfering in the internal politics of Zimbabwe .	de
'' Through some proper channels , we have been told that there should not be surprises '' during Bush 's visit to China , she said .	de
Clinton said he did not support independence for Taiwan , the policy of '' two Chinas '' or '' one China , one Taiwan '' and agreed that Taiwan should not be a member of any organisation to which statehood is a requirement .	de
'' Through some proper channels , we have been told that there should not be surprises '' during Bush 's visit to China , she said .	de
Clinton said he did not support independence for Taiwan , the policy of '' two Chinas '' or '' one China , one Taiwan '' and agreed that Taiwan should not be a member of any organisation to which statehood is a requirement .	de
Sources said that while Islam countries request that Israel be harshly condemned in the joint declaration for its policy towards Palestine , the EU side thinks that this issue should be mentioned but a more cautious stance should be assumed .	de
Sources said that while Islam countries request that Israel be harshly condemned in the joint declaration for its policy towards Palestine , the EU side thinks that this issue should be mentioned but a more cautious stance should be assumed .	de
Palestinian Foreign Minister Farouk Kaddoumi , who is also attending the forum , called on Monday that Israel should be harshly condemned in the joint declaration to be issued at the end of the forum .	de
Therefore , the political negotiations should be resumed ahead of any effort aimed at achieving a peace acceptable to both sides .	de
Under this plan , the negotiations should focus on a mechanism for Israel 's withdrawal from the occupied territories , ending the settlement activity , finding a just solution to the issue of Palestinian refugees , and allowing time to reorganize the Palestinian house from within with a view to achieving democracy and introducing a multi-party system .	de
The US Government should realize that the Taiwan issue is the most important and most sensitive core issue in Sino-US relations .	de
The US Government should earnestly abide by the three Sino-US joint communiques and relevant commitments , and properly handle the Taiwan issue from a strategic and long-term perspective .	de
They should not condemn us with lies and by deceiving the world , `` he said .	de
Calling on the representatives of the Turkish world who attended the congress , Denktas said that Turkish Cypriots are not minority in the island and representatives should explain this fact in every place which they visit .	de
It should be remembered that after Bush described the Kyoto Protocol as '' fundamentally flawed '' international negotiations on climate protection almost collapsed .	de
It should therefore be implemented as quickly as possible and extended beyond the initial period of 2008-2012 .	de
He had just recently -- and he was the highest-ranking military officer in the Gulf War in 1991 -- held that an attack against Iraq would be inappropriate , and now he is admonishing the Europeans that they should be criticizing not the United States but the dictatorial regime in Baghdad .	de
The '' axis of evil '' is '' not necessarily the expression that the Europeans would use , '' EU Commissioner for External and Security Policy Javier Solana says , but one should not dwell on the choice of words .	de
But it is precisely on this choice of words that we should dwell .	de
Bush , in fact , should not have made such remarks in his State of the Union address .	de
The US authorities should stop these acts and making remarks that smear their own faces .	de
According to the White House , this should make it possible to reduce '' the intensity of greenhouse gas emission generated by the US economy '' by 18 % over the next 10 years , an objective described by the Bush Administration as '' comparable '' to that imposed by the Kyoto Protocol .	ep
The taskforce was also of the view that the international media should be allowed to cover the country 's Presidential election , an issue , which has already been resolved by Government .	de
Noting that President Chen Shui-bian has on many occasions expressed goodwill to mainland China , Tsai said so long as Beijing leaders can carefully mull the significance of Chen 's statements on cross-strait affairs , particularly the '' one China '' issue , there should be opportunities for the two sides to resume talks .	ep
However , Chen said '' one China '' should not be a precondition for talks until such time as Taipei and Beijing have reached a mutually acceptable meaning for the the term through '' wisdom and creativity . ''	de
At most , a few differences in sensitivity emerged over whether or not the issue should remain closed from one to two months or if the discussions with Argentina should continue .	de
At most , a few differences in sensitivity emerged over whether or not the issue should remain closed from one to two months or if the discussions with Argentina should continue .	de
By now , it should be clear to everyone that retaliating against every act of Palestinian resistance with Israel 's superior ability to punish Palestinians does not provide the security that Israelis are demanding .	ep
'' We will continue obviously to keep the situation under review , but frankly , I think we should welcome the fact that their presence has not been needed in Afghanistan .	de
Chien said he appreciated statements made by Bush prior to his departure that Taiwan is a friend of the United States and that the Taiwan Strait issue should be resolved peacefully .	de
Bush 's comments appeared designed to reassure Beijing that Washington has not shifted from its long-standing policy of avoiding making any explicit commitment to come to Taiwan 's defence should China invade .	ep
Beijing has repeatedly threatened to take Taiwan by force should the island declare formal independence .	ep
Taiwan should make an all out effort to augment naval combat strength .	de
Question : How should Taiwan respond to China 's missile threat ?	de
However , no broad social debate has yet been conducted on the crucial question : How much should each sector or target group contribute to achieving the Belgian Kyoto standard ?	de
Hence a broad social debate on who should contribute how much to realizing the Kyoto standards is urgently necessary .	de
Zhu said the U.S. side should stop interfering in China 's internal affairs by interfering in the Taiwan issue .	de
Under the current constitution , the President has no powers to designate a successor , should he decide to retire .	ep
Never again should Zimbabweans go into an election under the current constitution .	de
He noted , '' Brazil should adopt an open posture with relation to Argentina , which is experiencing a tragedy . ''	de
For Jose Agripino Maia , PFL -LRB- Liberal Front Party -RRB- leader in the Senate , although Brazil has detached itself from Argentina , it should not disregard the message of the crises that is devastating the neighboring country .	de
Senator Heloisa Helena -LRB- Workers Party -- Alagoas -RRB- said that Latin American countries should always join together to speak with international economic institutions , in order to maintain autonomy in their economies : '' Now we see what happens when one country abdicates its financial autonomy .	de
'' Of course he would not use the term of ` peaceful reunification ' ... because the American position is that relations between Taiwan and China should be open-ended , '' Chang said .	de
Why should it handle Zimbabwe ? '' , Mkapa said , railing at what is being perceived as interference in another country 's internal affairs .	de
The expert immediately sketched on a blackboard what this should look like , mixing up chemical symbols : rockets would carry metallic sodium into orbits around the earth .	de
So if anyone doubts whether Russia should ratify the document , he is deeply mistaken .	de
The pressing matter of the moment is that Israel and Palestine should both exercise maximum restraint and adopt concrete measures to stop the conflict immediately and create conditions for resumption of the peace talks , Tang said .	de
This should be a message for the authorities as concerns the stand the country has taken on this issue , '' Director of the Institute of Politics Mykola Tomenko told a press conference in Kyiv today .	de
In a show of solidarity with Zimbabwe , Tanzanian President Benjamin Mkapa said African countries should not let themselves be manipulated by the EU and other powerful nations .	de
It said there was no justification in the EU 's move and the body should not regard itself as more competent than others in election observation .	de
Israel must -- as was demanded by the United Nations -- withdraw from the occupied territories ; international peacekeeping forces should be deployed .	de
The men had appealed against that decision , however , and Rees said they should not have been deported until that process was complete .	de
He said the government had not been aware of the ruling by Bosnia 's Human Rights Chamber that measures should be taken to stop four of the suspects being taken out of the country .	de
'' The British government 's position is that prisoners , regardless of their technical status , should be treated humanely and in accordance with customary international law , '' said Foreign Secretary Jack Straw in a statement .	de
Briefing on the remarks by the representative of Thailand , it said : '' Human rights and development were two sides of the same coin , and should be addressed in tandem . ''	de
'' People should be at the center of social and economic development efforts .	de
The Israeli government is committing crimes of war against the Palestinians and should be tried by an international tribunal just like the governments of Rwanda and former Yugoslavia .	de
The world community should not tolerate crimes of war .	de
So , if that should prove necessary , De Winne will be able to personally pilot the space ship .	ep
'' This should insure that we can recover the sums involved , that in the prospect of another space trip . ''	ep
Under the power-sharing accord signed in Bonn on Wednesday , which should see a new interim government take power on December 22 , a mainly Muslim UN-mandated security force is to be deployed in Kabul .	ep
Therefore , it seems that the coup d'etat in Venezuela should be assessed as a plot that was hatched for that purpose .	de
It is taking place at the time , when ever more OPEC members begin to support the idea that oil production should be reduced again , in order to stop the continuing decline of the prices of hydrocarbons on the world market .	de
The Prime Minister should explain once and for all what third objective he might have for his actions .	de
Everyone should be given the same opportunities and protection before the law so , by the same token , suspected members of Al-Qa'idah being held in Europe , whose numbers have risen in recent days , will be tried by civil courts , including in Spain .	de
For Amnesty International , the Red Cross and any self-respecting democrat , they are prisoners of war and should be treated according the Geneva Convention .	de
In the event of disagreement , as is the case now , with the USA insisting that the issue concerns terrorists who do not belong to any state and who do not have rights as prisoners , the final decision should be left in the hands of '' an appropriate tribunal '' , which must be impartial and independent , as Article 5 of the third Geneva Convention states .	de
'' We are also seeking an order that the Foreign Secretary should make a protest to the Americans about the circumstances of these unlawful detentions , '' lawyer Louise Christian said .	de
'' And we are seeking a declaration that the British government demands that Abbasi should not face trial in a military tribunal with the death penalty . ''	de
The Red Cross among other international organisations has criticised the United States , saying all prisoners should be protected under international law until a tribunal decides their fate .	de
'' However , this right should not be exercised to the detriment of the legitimate interests of neighboring states .	de
In the next stage , 2006-2010 , the efficiency of existing nuclear power stations will be stepped up by increasing the utilization of current capacity , extending their service life and increasing capacity by using new-generation power units In 2005 , the capacity of all Russian nuclear power stations should total 25.24 GW .	ep
He added '' we understood that if there were a civilian who had committed himself to call for elections he should receive a vote of confidence . ''	de
An `` Action Plan `` on how the process should function in coming period and which issues that the process should focus on is foreseen to be accepted at the meeting in which political , economic , social and cultural issues concerning the Mediterranean basin will be discussed .	de
An `` Action Plan `` on how the process should function in coming period and which issues that the process should focus on is foreseen to be accepted at the meeting in which political , economic , social and cultural issues concerning the Mediterranean basin will be discussed .	de
We should act carefully .	de
Europe should not be considered as a block which has the definite borders .	de
The report said China should not have arrested Li , a Hong Kong businessman , who was charged with smuggling Bibles into the country in July .	de
Whoever engages in terrorism , whether he or she is of Han people or of a minority people , should be brought to the justice , Ma said .	de
If the US , which claims to be the world 's policeman , is incapable of looking beyond US interests or of practicing the universal values of human rights , democracy and peace , then should n't the international community reconsider the role played by the UN , or learn from the way the European parliament works ?	de
Of course , she knew who should learn a lesson from this situation , but she was playing games .	de
But they had been told that Chavez , whose friendship with Libya , Iraq and Cuba has angered Washington , should only be replaced by legitimate , constitutional means ; the US would not support a coup .	de
The report said that Chinese mainland was seen as a massive potential market for insurers , who should find it gradually easier to sell their products now that Beijing had joined the World Trade Organization .	ep
Afterwards , answering questions alongside co-signatory Vice Foreign Minister Wang Guangya , she made it clear measures to crack down on terrorism should not be used to justify rights abuses .	de
That the fight against Xinjiang '' terrorists '' was part of the global anti-terror battle '' should be very clear , no double standards should be pursued here , '' he added .	de
That the fight against Xinjiang '' terrorists '' was part of the global anti-terror battle '' should be very clear , no double standards should be pursued here , '' he added .	de
His training in Russia combined with his knowledge of American techniques will put him at an advantage if the role of station commander should open up in the future , he said before his training started .	ep
What is required of Israel is to withdraw , both on the military and settlement fronts , from the territories occupied in 1967 , and the United States should push its ally Israel in that direction .	de
South Africans should be looking up smiling when he returns , Shuttleworth replied .	de
When Chavez resumed power , a senior US official in charge of national security commented that '' Chavez should reflect on himself , '' as '' his ship has been sailing towards a wrong direction for far too long . ''	de
Jeffrey Sachs , director for the Center for International Development at Harvard University and chairman of the WHO Commission on Macroeconomics and Health , believes developing countries should fully recognize the importance of investing in health in their overall development strategy .	de
European Commission President Romano Prodi expressed similar sentiments : in his opinion , the EU should consider imposing an economic '' punishment '' on Israel in protest against the operations of the Israel Defense Forces in the territories .	de
The government should take urgent measures to prevent and cure HIV and AIDS , he said .	de
11 terrorist attacks in New York and Washington , investors across the world have been mired in uncertainties , Chen said , adding that should the war against Afghanistan not spread too much , the impact on the global economy will be limited .	ep
The Taiwan issue is purely China 's internal affair and no other country in the world should interfere , Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue said in response to claims from a high-ranking US military official that the US would do everything needed to protect Taiwan .	de
Reformers told Putin all along that he should take advantage of '' the rare opportunity for -LRB- Russia -RRB- to become integrated with the civilized world . ''	de
Instead , service ventures in the financial , transport and telecom sectors should benefit from the introduction of advanced skills and expertise from abroad , he added .	ep
`` In the meantime , doubling the number of monitors should help put people 's minds at ease , '' he said .	ep
-LRB- It should be noted that the issues moved at the conference were declared unofficial and lacking validity -LCB- legal force -RCB- even for the participating countries .	de
